1	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱?0 Days To Faster Reading helps you鑱絙ring your reading skills to the current century, even if you閳ユ獫e stopped developing them, like most of us, with the end of elementary school, by helping you select what to read in a better way and giving you actionable techniques to read and retain faster and better.
2	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱?0% Happier gives skeptics an easy 閳ユ笅n閳?to meditation, by taking a very non-fluffy approach to the science behind this mindfulness practice and showing you how and why letting go of your ego is important for living a stress-free life.
3	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱?2 Rules For Life is a stern, story-based, entertaining self-help manual for young people, that lays out a set of simple principles, which can help us become more disciplined, behave better, act with integrity, and balance our lives while enjoying them as much as we can.
4	1-Sentence-Summary: 13 Things Mentally Strong Parents Don閳ユ獩 Do teaches parents how to stop being a roadblock to their kids academic, behavioral, and emotional success by outlining ways to develop the right thinking habits.
5	1-Sentence-Summary: 13 Things Mentally Strong People Don閳ユ獩 Do started as a personal reminder to not give in to bad habits in the face of adversity, but turned into a psychological guidebook to help you improve your mental strength and emotional resilience.
6	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱?1 Days To A Big Idea shows you how to combine the creative and rational sides of your brain to come up with cool, new ideas and fun ways to implement them, which might even help you create a sustainable business in the long run, in as little as 21 days.
7	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱?1 Lessons For The 21st Century highlights today閳ユ獨 most pressing political, cultural, and economic challenges created by technology鑱絯hile helping us prepare for an uncertain future.
8	1-Sentence-Summary: 23 Things They Don閳ユ獩 Tell You About Capitalism will help you think more clearly about our current economic state by uncovering the hidden consequences of free-market capitalism and offering solutions that could give us all a more fair world.
9	1-Sentence-Summary: 30 Lessons For Loving gives the relationship advice of hundreds of couples who have stayed together into old age and will teach you how to have happiness and longevity in your love life.
10	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱?9 Seconds shows you several self-improvement hacks, grounded in the science of psychology, which you can use to improve your mindset, happiness and life in less than a minute.
11	1-Sentence-Summary: 60 Seconds & You閳ユ獧e Hired! is a guide to getting your dream job that will help you feel confident in your next interview by teaching you how to impress your interviewer with being concise, focusing on your strengths, and knowing what to do at every step of the process.
12	1-Sentence-Summary: 7 Strategies For Wealth And Happiness is the ultimate guide to improving your wealth through self-discipline, action, and a positive attitude toward work, money, and the people around you.
13	1-Sentence-Summary: A Beautiful Mind tells the fascinating story of the mathematical genius, mental illness, and miraculous recovery and success of John Nash Jr.
14	1-Sentence-Summary: A Beginner閳ユ獨 Guide To The End is your guide to using the principles of stillness, cleaning, and grief to prepare for your own or a loved one閳ユ獨 death.
15	1-Sentence-Summary: A Brief History Of Everyone Who Ever Lived gives you another important perspective on mankind閳ユ獨 past and present through the lens of our genes.
16	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸 Brief History Of Time is Stephen Hawking閳ユ獨 way of explaining the most complex concepts and ideas of physics, such as space, time, black holes, planets, stars and gravity to the average Joe, so that even you and I can better understand how our planet was created, where it came from, and where it閳ユ獨 going.
17	1-Sentence-Summary: A Crack In Creation will teach you all about the power of gene editing that is made possible with CRISPR by detailing how it works, the benefits and opportunities it opens up, and the ethical risks of using it on humans.
18	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸 Curious Mind is an homage to the power of asking questions, showing you how being curious can change your entire life, from the way you do business, to how you interact with your loved ones, or even shape your country.
19	1-Sentence-Summary: A First-Rate Madness shares the stories of many world leaders and explains how they prevailed despite their mental illnesses and struggles, showing you how to turn your psychological disadvantages into leadership strengths.
20	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸 Force For Good is a universal call to turn our鑱絚ompassion outward and use it to improve ourselves and the world around us in science, religion, social issues, business and education.
21	1-Sentence-Summary: A General Theory Of Love will help you reprogram your mind for better emotional intelligence and relationships by teaching you what three psychiatrists have to say about the science of why we experience love and other emotions.
22	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸 Guide To The Good Life is a roadmap for Stoicism, showing you how you can cultivate this ancient philosophy in your own life, why it閳ユ獨 useful and what Stoics are really about.
23	1-Sentence-Summary: A History Of The World In 6 Glasses will give you some great conversation starters at your next party by teaching you the origins and impact of the worlds six favorite drinks, including beer, wine, alcoholic spirits, tea, coffee, and soda.
24	1-Sentence-Summary: A Message To Garcia teaches you how to be the best at your job by becoming a dedicated worker with a good attitude about whatever tasks your company gives you.
25	1-Sentence-Summary: A Mind For Numbers will teach you how to learn math and science more efficiently and get good at them by understanding how your brain absorbs and processes information, even if these subjects don閳ユ獩 come naturally to you.
26	1-Sentence-Summary: A Monk閳ユ獨 Guide To Happiness will help you find more joy in life by identifying the mental pitfalls you fall into that make it so hard to have and how to shatter the shackles of suffering to finally find inner peace.
27	1-Sentence-Summary: A More Beautiful Question will teach you how to ask more and better questions, showing you the power that the right questions have to transform your life for the better.
28	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸 New Earth outlines a crazy and destructive place we call home, but not without showing us that we can all save it together, by looking into our minds and detaching ourselves from our ego, so we can practice acceptance and enjoyment.
29	1-Sentence-Summary: A People閳ユ獨 History Of The United States will help you improve the world by giving you a better understanding of the true, sometimes shameful, story of this America閳ユ獨 rise to power.
30	1-Sentence-Summary: A Return To Love will help you let go of resentment, fear, and anger to have happier and healthier jobs and relationships by teaching you how to embrace the power of love.
31	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸 Short History Of Nearly Everything explains everything we閳ユ獫e learned about our world and the universe so far, including how they formed, how we learned to make sense of time, space and gravity, why it閳ユ獨 such a miracle that we閳ユ獧e alive and how much of our planet is still a complete mystery to us.
32	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸 Splendid Exchange outlines the history of global trade, revealing its older than we think, has enabled the progress of civilization, and continues to change the world on a daily basis.
33	1-Sentence-Summary: A Universe From Nothing will enlarge your knowledge of our expanding universe by showing you how it began, what we閳ユ獧e learning about it now, and what will happen to it in the future.
34	1-Sentence-Summary: A Vindication Of The Rights Of Woman will help you make the world a more fair place by teaching some of the gender inequalities of the eighteenth century.
35	1-Sentence-Summary: A Walk In The Woods tells the interesting story of the adventures Bill Bryson and Stephen Katz had while walking the beautiful, rugged, and historic Appalachian Trail.
36	1-Sentence-Summary: A Whole New Mind is your guide to standing out in the competitive workplace by taking advantage of the big-picture skills of the right side of your brain.
37	1-Sentence-Summary: A Woman of No Importance tells the fascinating and exciting story of Virginia Hall, an American who became one of the best spies for the Allies in World War II and helped significantly in the defeat of Nazi Germany.
38	1-Sentence-Summary: A World In Disarray opens your mind to ways that you make the world more peaceful by guiding you through the major changes in global affairs since World War II.
39	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸 Year With Peter Drucker compiles 52 lessons with weekly exercises into one comprehensive, year-long curriculum鑱絝or managers, leaders, and those who aspire to be one or the other, based on the teachings of the father of modern management.
40	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸bundance shows you the key technological trends being developed today, to give you a glimpse of a future that閳ユ獨 a lot brighter than you think and help you embrace the optimism we need to make it happen.
41	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸ccidental Genius鑱絠ntroduces you to the concept of freewriting, which you can use to solve complex problems, exercise your creativity, flesh out your ideas and even build a catalog of publishable work.
42	1-Sentence-Summary: Accounting Made Simple is your guide to learning the fundamental charts, equations, and concepts of managing a business閳ユ獨 financial statements.
43	1-Sentence-Summary: Adaptive Markets gives you a better understanding of how the movement of money in the world works by outlining the characteristics of the market, some of which are more like living creatures than you might think.
44	1-Sentence-Summary: Affluenza asserts that the reason we are so unhappy is because of our obsession with consumption and the sickness that it brings upon ourselves and the world around us as well.
45	1-Sentence-Summary: Against Empathy explains the problems with society閳ユ獨 obsession with empathy and explores its limitations while giving us useful alternatives for situations in which it doesn閳ユ獩 work.
46	1-Sentence-Summary: Age Of Ambition explains how China has gone from impoverished and only developing to a world superpower and economic powerhouse in only the last 30 years. 
47	1-Sentence-Summary: Age Of Anger will help you understand the current state of the world better by explaining how we got to this present situation of upheaval we閳ユ獧e in and how we might stand a chance of making things better.
48	1-Sentence-Summary: Agile Selling helps you become a great salesperson by identifying how successful people thrive in any sales position with the skills of learning and adapting quickly.
49	1-Sentence-Summary: AI Superpowers will help you understand what to expect of the effect that artificial intelligence will have on your future job opportunities by diving into where China and the US, the world閳ユ獨 two leaders in AI, are heading with this breakthrough technology.
50	1-Sentence-Summary: Alchemy is your guide to making magic happen in business and life by teaching you how to practice irrational thinking to stand out and come up with powerful solutions to your problems and those of others. 
51	1-Sentence-Summary: Alexander Hamilton will inspire you to boldly use your strengths to change the world as it tells the story of a poor orphan who grew to become one of the most intelligent, ambitious, and influential people in American history.
52	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸lexander The Great is one of the latest, most updated, and contemporary books on the life of the ancient, Macedonian king, who would extend his empire from a little slide of land in Greece through Persia, Egypt, all the way to India, forming the greatest empire the ancient world had ever seen.
53	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸lgorithms To Live By explains how computer algorithms work, why their relevancy isn閳ユ獩 limited to the digital world and how you can make better decisions by strategically using the right algorithm at the right time, for example in dating, at home or in the office.
54	1-Sentence-Summary: Alibaba shares the inspiring story of Jack Ma閳ユ獨 hard work, entrepreneurial vision, and smart thinking that helped him build one of the most successful and influential companies in the world. 
55	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸libaba閳ユ獨 World is an inside look at one of the world閳ユ獨 largest e-commerce companies from one of its鑱絝irst Western employees, who served as its vice president and head of international marketing for several years, showing how this company turned from startup to global player in just 15 years.
56	1-Sentence-Summary: All About Love teaches you how to get more affection and connection in your relationships by explaining why true love is so difficult these days and how to combat the unrealistic expectations society has set up that makes it so hard.
57	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸ll Marketers Are Liars is based on the idea that we believe whatever we want to believe, and that it閳ユ獨 exactly this trait of ours, which marketers use (and sometimes abuse) to sell their products by infusing them with good stories 閳?whether they閳ユ獧e true or not.
58	1-Sentence-Summary: Alone Together is a book that will make you want to have a better relationship with technology by revealing just how much we rely on it and the ways our connection to it is growing worse and having negative effects on us all.
59	1-Sentence-Summary: Altered Traits explores the science behind meditation techniques and the way they benefit and alter our mind and body.
60	1-Sentence-Summary: Amazon will help you make your business better by sharing what made Jeff Bezos閳ユ獨 gigantic company so successful at going from its humble beginnings to now dominating the e-commerce market.
61	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸musing Ourselves To Death takes you through the history of media to highlight how entertainment閳ユ獨 standing in society has risen to the point where our addiction to it undermines our independent thinking.
62	1-Sentence-Summary: An American Sickness will motivate you to see what you can do to help improve the state of healthcare in the United States by blowing open the recent greed, corruption, and selfishness of healthcare companies.
63	1-Sentence-Summary: An Astronaut閳ユ獨 Guide To Life On Earth teaches you how to live better by taking lessons from the rigorous requirements of going to outer space and applying them to everyday life. 
64	1-Sentence-Summary: An Audience Of One is a practical and inspiring manual for creators who want to live from their art, showing a simple, purpose-driven path to achieve that goal.
65	1-Sentence-Summary: An Invisible Thread will help you feel more motivated to be kind to others by sharing the heartwarming story of the incredible friendship between a boy afflicted with poverty and a successful businesswoman.
66	1-Sentence-Summary: Anatomy Of An Epidemic teaches you how to make better decisions about your mental health as it uncovers the questionable origin of medication and reveals the interesting connection between psychiatry and pharmaceutical companies.
67	1-Sentence-Summary: Animal, Vegetable, Miracle gives ways to improve your health and the environment by learning how to garden, cook, and eat more fruits and vegetables. 
68	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸ntifragile reveals how some systems thrive from shocks, volatility and uncertainty, instead of breaking from them, and how you can adapt more antifragile traits yourself to thrive in an uncertain and chaotic world.
69	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸nything You Want teaches you how to build a business that閳ユ獨 based on who you are, and can become anything you want it to be, rather than following the traditional paths of startup or corporate culture.
70	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸re You Fully Charged shows you the three keys to arriving at work and life with a battery that閳ユ獨 brimming with happiness and motivation, which are energy, interactions and meaning, and how to implement them in your day.
71	1-Sentence-Summary: Arise, Awake will inspire you to move forward with your entrepreneurial dreams by sharing the inspirational stories of six Indian entrepreneurs and the lessons they learned on the path to success.
72	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸s A Man Thinketh is an essay and self-help classic, which argues that the key to mastering your life is harnessing the power of your thoughts and helps you cultivate the philosophy and attitude of a positive, successful person.
73	1-Sentence-Summary: Ask shows you a method that helps you take the guesswork out of the equation so you can give your customers what they want even if they don閳ユ獩 know what they want.
74	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸t Home takes you on a tour of the modern home, using each room as occasion to reminisce about the history of its tradition, thus enlightening you with how the amenities and comforts of everyday life you now take for granted have come to be.
75	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸tomic Habits is the definitive guide to breaking bad behaviors and adopting good ones in four steps, showing you how small, incremental, everyday routines compound into massive, positive change over time.
76	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸ttached delivers a scientific explanation why some relationships thrive and steer a clear path over a lifetime, while others crash and burn, based on the human need for attachment and the three different styles of it.
77	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紸waken The Giant Within is the psychological blueprint you can follow to wake up and start taking control of your life, starting in your mind, spreading through your body and then all the way through your relationships, work and finances until you閳ユ獧e the giant you were always meant to be.
78	1-Sentence-Summary: Aware is a comprehensive overview of the far-reaching benefits of meditation, rooted in both science and practice, enriched with actionable advice on how to practice mindfulness. 
79	1-Sentence-Summary: Bad Blood is the story of how Elizabeth Holmes promised the world a medical miracle that actually operated on deception and lies. 
80	1-Sentence-Summary: Bad Feminist will show you a new way of looking at equality by revealing some not so common ideas about race, gender, and feminism in the United States.
81	1-Sentence-Summary: Barbarians At The Gate shows you how not to run a business and reveals the shocking greed of corporate America in the 1980s by telling the story of the leveraged buyout of RJR Nabisco.
82	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹arking Up The Wrong Tree turns standard success advice on its head by looking at both sides of many common arguments, like confidence, extroversion, or being nice, concluding it閳ユ獨 really other factors that decide if we win, and we control more of them than we think.
83	1-Sentence-Summary: Battle Hymn Of The Tiger Mother opens your eyes to the potential benefits of tough love by sharing the traditionally Chinese parenting style and experiences of Amy Chua.
84	1-Sentence-Summary: Be A Free Range Human inspires you to finally quit that 9-5 job that is sucking the life out of you and begin working for yourself by explaining why the 閳ユ笍ob security閳?doesn閳ユ獩 exist anymore, helping you discover your passions, and identifying the steps you need to follow if you want to start a life of freedom and happiness.
85	"1-Sentence-Summary: Be Fearless shows that radical changes are more effective than small enhancements and urges us to be bold鑱絠n trying to make progress.
"
86	1-Sentence-Summary: Be Obsessed Or Be Average motivates you to get your heart into your work and live up to your true potential by identifying the thinking patterns and work habits of the passionate, successful, and driven Grant Cardone.
87	1-Sentence-Summary: Be Our Guest shows you how to take better care of your customers by outlining the philosophy and systems that Disney has for taking care of theirs which have helped it become one of the most successful companies in the world.
88	1-Sentence-Summary: Becoming motivates you to move forward with your dreams regardless of your circumstances, criticism, or what people think is normal by sharing the life story of Michelle Obama.
89	1-Sentence-Summary: Behave sets out to explain the reason behind human behavior, good or bad, by exploring the influences of brain chemistry and our environment.
90	1-Sentence-Summary: Behind The Beautiful Forevers will make you more grateful for what you have, look for ways to tear down corruption in the world, and help the poor by sharing the experiences of people living in the Annawadi slum in India.
91	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹ehind The Cloud tells the story of Salesforce.com, one of the biggest and earliest cloud computing, software-as-a-service companies in the world and how it went from small startup to billion-dollar status.
92	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹enjamin Franklin: An American Life takes a thorough look at the life of one of the most influential humans that ever lived and explains how he could achieve such greatness in so many different fields and areas.
93	1-Sentence-Summary: Best Self will help you become the hero you閳ユ獫e always wanted to be by teaching you how to be honest with yourself about what you desire, identify your toxic anti-self, and discover the traits of the greatest possible version of you that you can imagine.
94	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹etter Than Before breaks down鑱絫he latest research on鑱絟ow to break bad habits and develop good ones, in order to help鑱統ou find your habit tendency and give you a few simple tools鑱絫o鑱絪tart improving your own habits.
95	1-Sentence-Summary: Between The World And Me helps us all fight prejudice and prepares young black men in the US for growing up by revealing Ta-Nehisi Coates閳ユ獨 reality of life as a black man dealing with racism in America.
96	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹ig Magic is the book that閳ユ獟l give you the courage you need to pursue your creative interests by showing you how to deal with your fears, notice ideas and act on them and take the stress out of creation.
97	1-Sentence-Summary: Big Potential will show you that the real secret to success and thriving in all aspects of life is developing strong connections with others and treating them in a way that lifts them up.
98	1-Sentence-Summary: Bird By Bird is Ann Lamott閳ユ獨 guide to using the power of routine, being yourself, rolling with the punches, and many other principles to become a better writer.
99	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹it Literacy shows you how to navigate the innumerable streams鑱給f digital information that flow towards us every single day and not鑱絙ecome鑱絧aralyzed or a slave to technology, thanks to a few simple systems to manage your media.
100	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹lack Box Thinking reveals that all paths to success lead through failure and what you can do to change your perspective on it, admit your mistakes, and build your own black box to consistently learn and improve from the feedback failure gives you.
101	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹link explains what happens when you listen to your gut feeling, why these snap judgments are often much more efficient than conscious deliberating, and how to avoid your intuition leading you to wrong assumptions.
102	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹litzscaling is the strategy some of today閳ユ獨 most valuable companies have used to achieve huge market shares, insanely fast growth, big profit margins, and become corporate giants in a very short time.
103	1-Sentence-Summary: Blue Ocean Shift guides you through the steps to beating out your competition by creating new markets that aren閳ユ獩 overcrowded.
104	1-Sentence-Summary: Blueprint helps you have hope for the goodness of the human race by revealing our biologically wired social tendencies that help us survive and thrive by working together.
105	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹old shows you that exponential technology has democratized the power to change the world and build wealth, by putting it into everyone閳ユ獨 hands and explains which trends entrepreneurs will most benefit from in the future, how to capitalize on them and which challenges are really bold enough to impact us all.
106	1-Sentence-Summary: Boost! is a guide for becoming more productive at work by using the preparation and performance techniques that world-class athletes use to win gold medals.
107	1-Sentence-Summary: Born A Crime will inspire you to make great things happen no matter what circumstances you閳ユ獧e born into by revealing the story of how Trevor Noah grew up as a mixed child in South Africa on the way to becoming an adult.
108	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹orn For This shows you how to find the work you were meant to do, which actually might consist of many different forms of work over the course of your life, by showing you the power of a side hustle, proper risk-assessment, creating your own job and pursuing all of your passions 閳?one at a time.
109	1-Sentence-Summary: Born To Run explains the natural benefits of long-distance running, and how you can become a better runner too, based on several years of research, experiences, and training.
110	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹ounce shows you that training鑱絫rumps talent every time, by explaining the science of deliberate practice, the mindset of high performers and how you can use those tools to become a master of whichever鑱絪kill you choose.
111	1-Sentence-Summary: Braiding Sweetgrass offers some great ways for all of us to take better care of and be more grateful for our planet by explaining the way that Native Americans view and take care of it.
112	1-Sentence-Summary: Brain Rules teaches you how to become more productive at work and life by giving proven facts about how your mind works better with good sleep, exercise, and learning with all the senses.
113	1-Sentence-Summary: Brainfluence will help you get more sales by revealing people閳ユ獨 subconscious thinking and their motivations in the decision-making process they use when buying.
114	1-Sentence-Summary: Brainstorm is a fascinating look into the teenage brain that explains why adolescents act so hormonally and recklessly.
115	1-Sentence-Summary: Brandwashed will help you make better buying decisions by identifying the psychological tools that marketers use to turn your own brain against you and make you think that you need to buy their products.
116	1-Sentence-Summary: Brave will help you have the relationships, career, and everything else in life that you閳ユ獫e always wanted but have been afraid to go for by teaching you how to become more courageous. 
117	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹raving The Wilderness offers a four-step process to find true belonging through authenticity, bravery, trust, and vulnerability since it閳ユ獨 mostly about learning to stand alone rather than trying to fit in.
118	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹reakfast With Socrates takes you through an ordinary day in the company of extraordinary minds, by linking each part of it to the core message of one of several great philosophers throughout history, such as Descartes, Nietzsche, Marx and even Buddha.
119	1-Sentence-Summary: Brief Answers To The Big Questions tackles some of the universe閳ユ獨 biggest mysteries, as Hawking explores the laws that govern the cosmos and the future of humankind. 
120	1-Sentence-Summary: Broadcasting Happiness is an encouraging resource that will help you boost your health and happiness in your relationships, work, and community by showing you how to unlock the power of positive words and stories.
121	1-Sentence-Summary: Brotopia motivates you to be fairer in the workplace as an employee or employer by revealing the sad sexist state of Silicon Valley.
122	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹uddha閳ユ獨 Brain explains how world-changing thought leaders like Moses, Mohammed, Jesus, Gandhi and the Buddha altered their brains with the power of their minds and how you can use the latest findings of neuroscience to do the same and become a more鑱絧ositive, resilient, mindful and happy person.
123	1-Sentence-Summary: Building A StoryBrand is your guide to turning your sales pages and product into an adventure for your clients by identifying the seven steps to successful storytelling as a company and how to craft the clearest message possible so that they will understand and want to be part of it.
124	1-Sentence-Summary: Building Social Business will teach you how to change the world for the better by starting a company that does good for mankind, giving you all the answers about how they work and how to begin one of your own.
125	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紹uilt To Last examines what lies behind the extraordinary success of 18 visionary companies and which principles and ideas鑱絫hey閳ユ獫e used鑱絫o thrive for a century.
126	1-Sentence-Summary: Built To Sell shows you how to become a successful entrepreneur by explaining the steps necessary to grow a small service company and one day sell it.
127	1-Sentence-Summary: Bullshit Jobs asserts that roughly two out of every five people are stuck in work that is bereft of purpose, and these workers could suffer psychological damage as a result. 
128	1-Sentence-Summary: Business Adventures will teach you how to run a company, invest in the stock market, change jobs, and many other things by sharing some of the most interesting experiences that big companies and their leaders have had over the last century.
129	1-Sentence-Summary: Business Model Generation teaches you how to start your own company by explaining the details of matching your customer閳ユ獨 needs with your product閳ユ獨 capabilities, managing finances, and everything else involved in the planning stages of entrepreneurship.
130	1-Sentence-Summary: Buyology shows you how to spend less money by revealing the psychological traps that companies use to hack your brain and get you to purchase their products without you even realizing they閳ユ獧e doing it.
131	1-Sentence-Summary: Call Sign Chaos is a review of US foreign policy through the eyes of General Jim Mattis, who led forces in Afghanistan and Iraq.
132	1-Sentence-Summary: Can閳ユ獩 Hurt Me is the story of David Goggins, who went from being overweight and depressed to becoming a record-breaking athlete, inspiring military leader, and world-class personal trainer.
133	1-Sentence-Summary: Capitalism And Freedom helps you understand some of the most important factors protecting your liberty by outlining the government閳ユ獨 role in economics and how things go best when political entities are small and stay out of the flow of money in a country.
134	1-Sentence-Summary: Capitalism shows you how the movement of money in the world really works by outlining the dominant system in the world and its origins and future.
135	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺arrots And Sticks explains how you can harness the power of incentives 閳?carrots and sticks 閳?to change your bad behaviors, improve your self-control and reach your long-term goals.
136	1-Sentence-Summary: Cashvertising teaches you how to become an expert at marketing by using techniques like using the power of authority, following the three steps of writing a perfect headline, and appealing to the eight basic desires people have instead of spending millions on ads.
137	1-Sentence-Summary: Catalyst explains why extraordinary career growth requires the right stimuli at the right time to propel you to the next level, and shows you how to cultivate them.
138	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺atch Me If You Can is the story of how Frank Abagnale, one of the most famous con-artists in history, faked over eight identities, several professions, and cashed over $2.5 million of forged checks in the 1960s, until the police finally caught him at age 21.
139	1-Sentence-Summary: Change By Design makes you a better problem solver at every aspect of life by outlining the design thinking process that companies can use to innovate and improve.
140	1-Sentence-Summary: Change Your Questions, Change Your Life will revolutionize your thinking with questions that create a learning mindset. 
141	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺haos Monkeys is a fun behind-the-scenes look that lifts the veil on some of the weird, mysterious and sometimes questionable practices going on behind closed doors of mega startups in Silicon Valley.
142	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺harlie Munger teaches you the investment approach and ideas about life from Warren Buffett閳ユ獨 business partner and billionaire Charlie Munger, which the two have used for decades to run one of the most successful companies in the world.
143	1-Sentence-Summary: Chasing The Scream is a scathing review of the failed war on drugs, explaining its history with surprising statistics and identifying new ways that we can think about addiction, recovery, and drug laws.
144	1-Sentence-Summary: Chernobyl teaches some fascinating and important history, science, and leadership lessons by diving into the details of the events leading up to the worst nuclear disaster in human history and its aftermath.
145	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺hoose Yourself is a call to give up traditional career paths and take your life into your own hands by building good habits, creating your own career, and making a decision to choose yourself.
146	1-Sentence-Summary: Comfortably Unaware is a well-researched compendium on how our food choices and animal agriculture impact the well-being of the whole planet.
147	1-Sentence-Summary: Common Sense is a classic piece of US history that will help you see the importance of societies coming together to form a fair governmental system and how these ideas paved the way for the American revolution.
148	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺ompany Of One will teach you how going small, not big when creating your own company will bring you independence, income, and lots of free time without the hassles of having to manage employees, long meetings, and forced growth.
149	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺onfessions Of An Advertising Man is the marketing bible of the 60s, written by 閳ユ涪he father of advertising,閳?David Ogilvy to inspire a philosophy of honesty, hard work and ethical behavior in his industry.
150	1-Sentence-Summary: Conscious Uncoupling will improve your love life by showing you how to break up the right way and why things are going to be okay after you separate from someone you once loved.
151	1-Sentence-Summary: Contagious illustrates why certain ideas and products spread better than others by sharing compelling stories from the world of business, social campaigns, and media.
152	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺ontent, Inc. describes a six-step model you can use to do your marketing long before you need it, without even having a product, or spending a lot of money, so your entrepreneurial venture will be a guaranteed success.
153	1-Sentence-Summary: Cooked is a historical exploration of the human relationship with food and cooking, combined with practical ideas on how to improve your diet by preparing more of your own food.
154	1-Sentence-Summary: Cosmos will make you smarter by teaching you the basics of how the universe works, including our own solar system and its history.
155	1-Sentence-Summary: Counterclockwise is a critical look at current perspectives on health with a particular focus on how we can improve our own when we shift from being mindless to mindful.
156	1-Sentence-Summary: Cradle To Cradle uncovers the hidden problems with manufacturing, how they affect our planet, and what you can do to help by becoming eco-efficient.
157	1-Sentence-Summary: Creative Confidence helps break the mundanity of everyday work and life by exploring the power that being more innovative has to improve happiness and success in many different areas.
158	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺reative Schools reveals how fundamentally broken our formal education system really is and how we can change our perspective to teach children the competencies and things they actually need to navigate the modern world.
159	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺reativity, Inc. is an instruction manual for instilling inspiration into employees, managers and bosses, by revealing the hidden forces that get in the way, based on over鑱?0鑱統ears of experience of the president of Pixar, Ed Catmull.
160	1-Sentence-Summary: Cribsheet is a smart guide on how to make the best parenting choices for you and your child, by using an economic perspective and evidence-based advice based on scientific data.
161	1-Sentence-Summary: Crippled America makes you a more informed citizen by sharing the political beliefs and reasoning behind billionaire and businessman Donald J. Trump閳ユ獨 plans to make his country great again.
162	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺rossing The Chasm gives high tech startups a marketing blueprint, in order to make their product get the initial traction it needs to eventually reach the majority of the market and not die in the chasm between early adopters and pragmatists.
163	1-Sentence-Summary: Crucial Conversations will teach you how to avoid conflict and come to positive solutions in high-stakes conversations so you can be effective in your personal and professional life. 
164	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺rush It is the blueprint you need to turn your passion into your profession and will give you the tools to turn yourself into a brand, leverage social media, produce great content and reap the financial benefits of it.
165	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紺rushing It is Gary Vaynerchuk閳ユ獨 follow-up to his personal branding manifesto Crush It, in which he reiterates the importance of a personal brand and shows you the endless possibilities that come with building one today.
166	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻are To Lead dispels common myths about modern-day workplace culture and shows you that true leadership requires nothing but vulnerability, values, trust, and resilience.
167	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻aring Greatly is a book about having the courage to be vulnerable in a world where everyone wants to appear strong, confident and like they know what they閳ユ獧e doing.
168	1-Sentence-Summary: Dark Money dives into the depths of the greed and corruption in the American political system by revealing the story of the Koch brothers who have been enabling the ultra-wealthy to influence political decisions for decades.
169	1-Sentence-Summary: Dataclysm gives powerful motivation for being more honest online by using information collected from the internet to identify what all of us are really like under the veil of anonymity and how we as a society have changed recently.
170	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻avid and Goliath explains why underdogs win in situations where the odds are stacked unfavorably against them, and how you can do the same.
171	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻ecisive gives you a scientific, 4-step approach to making better decisions in your life and career, based on an extensive鑱絪tudy of the available鑱絣iterature and research on the topic.
172	1-Sentence-Summary: Deep Nutrition will help you get healthier by explaining the danger of modern dieting techniques that are actually doing harm to your body and making you sick. 
173	1-Sentence-Summary: Deep Thinking is a recap of the past fifty years of the information revolution and an attempt to identify where AI technology may lead us.
174	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻eep Work proposes that we have lost our ability to focus deeply and immerse ourselves in a complex task, showing you how to cultivate this skill again and focus more than ever before with four simple rules.
175	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻elivering Happiness explains how鑱絤ega online shoe retailer Zappos built a鑱絬nique company culture and customer experience worth remembering, which turned it into a billion dollar business.
176	1-Sentence-Summary: Descartes閳?Error will help you understand why the argument that the mind and body are disconnected is false by using neuroscience and interesting case studies to identify how the body and our emotions play a vital role in logical thinking.
177	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻esign To Grow uses Coca-Cola as an example of how keeping a company stable and flexible at the same time over decades is not only possible, but a must to grow and scale your business across the globe.
178	1-Sentence-Summary: Design Your Future motivates you to get out of your limiting beliefs and fears that are holding you back from building a life you love by identifying why you got stuck in a career or job you hate and what steps you must take to finally live your dreams.
179	1-Sentence-Summary: Designing Your Life will show you how to break the shackles of your mundane 9-5 job by sharing exercises and tips that will direct you towards your true calling that fills you with passion, purpose, and fulfillment.
180	1-Sentence-Summary: Difficult Conversations identifies why we shy away from some conversations more than others, and what we can do to navigate them successfully and without stress.
181	1-Sentence-Summary: Digital Minimalism shows us where to draw the line with technology and how taking time off our digital devices is the key to living a focused life in a noisy world.
182	1-Sentence-Summary: Digital Renaissance uses empirical data to show that the digitization of media has led to a flood of art, but that its average quality hasn閳ユ獩 changed.
183	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻isrupt Yourself explains how you can harness鑱絫he ever-accelerating power of disruptive innovation in your personal life, be it to advance your career or to build a company that thrives, by embracing your limitations, focusing on your strengths and staying flexible and curious along the way.
184	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻o Over shines a light on the four core skills you need to build an amazing career: relationships, skills, character and hustle, and shows you how to develop each one of them and use them in different stages of your career.
185	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻o The Work is Steven Pressfield閳ユ獨 follow-up to The War Of Art, where he gives you actionable tactics and strategies to overcome resistance, the force behind procrastination.
186	1-Sentence-Summary: Do What You Are will help you discover your personality type and how it can lead you to a more satisfying career that corresponds to your talents and interests.
187	1-Sentence-Summary: Dollars And Sense explains why it閳ユ獨 so hard to manage money and teaches you how to combat false cues and natural desires so you can manage your dollars in better ways.
188	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻on閳ユ獩 Sweat The Small Stuff (閳?And It閳ユ獨 All Small Stuff) will keep you from letting the little, stressful things in life, like your email inbox, rushing to trains, and annoying co-workers drive you insane and help you find peace and calm in a stressful world.
189	1-Sentence-Summary: Doubt: A History is a fascinating look at the historical influence of doubt on science, religion, and the way we think today.
190	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻oughnut Economics is a wake-up call to transform our capitalist worldview obsessed with growth into a more balanced, sustainable perspective that allows both humans and our planet to thrive.
191	1-Sentence-Summary: Dreamland blows open the story of the United States閳?opioid crisis, from the frustrating greed and oversight that created it, how drug dealers accelerated it閳ユ獨 spread, and what we閳ユ獧e doing now to stop it.
192	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻rive explores what has motivated humans throughout history and explains how we shifted from mere survival to the carrot and stick approach that閳ユ獨 still practiced today 閳?and why it閳ユ獨 outdated.
193	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紻uct Tape Marketing introduces small businesses to the nuts and bolts of marketing in the 21st century by taking them all the way from character profiles and strategy through specific marketing tactics to building a great referral system.
194	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼at, Move, Sleep shows you that living a long and healthy life is not the result of massive lifestyle changes, but of lots of small habits, which improve the way you sleep, eat and exercise and, if combined, add a whole lot to your health.
195	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼at That Frog provides 21 techniques and strategies to stop procrastinating and get more done.
196	1-Sentence-Summary: Eat To Live will help you lose weight, feel better, and live longer by identifying the flaws in what we think is true about nutrition and using science and case studies to reveal how certain foods affect us for better or worse.
197	1-Sentence-Summary: Eating Animals reveals the true burden of the modern-day meat industry that we all bear as a society and details the environmental, health-related, and ethical consequences.
198	1-Sentence-Summary: Educated will help you become more grateful for your schooling, freedom, and normal relationships by explaining the family difficulties that Tara Westover had to break free of so that she could get her own education.
199	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼go Is The Enemy reveals how a tendency that閳ユ獨 hardwired into our brains 閳?the belief the world revolves around us and us alone 閳?holds us back from living the life it makes us desire so much, what we can do to overcome it at every turn and how to achieve true greatness.
200	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼instein: His Life And Universe takes a close look at the life of Albert Einstein, beginning in how his childhood shaped him, what his biggest discoveries and personal struggles were and how his focus changed in later years, without his genius鑱絜ver fading until his very last moment.
201	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼lon Musk is the first official biography of the creator of SolarCity, SpaceX and Tesla, based on over 30 hours of conversation time between author鑱紸shlee Vance and Musk himself, highlighting his complicated childhood, the way he makes decisions and navigates the world, and how he managed to disrupt multiple industries, all with the goal of saving humanity.
202	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼motional Agility provides a new, science-backed approach to navigating life閳ユ獨 many trials and detours on your path to fulfillment, with which you閳ユ獟l face your emotions head on, observe them objectively, make choices based on your values and slowly tweak your mindset, motivation and habits.
203	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼motional Intelligence explains the importance of emotions in your life, how they help and hurt your ability to navigate the world, followed by practical advice on how to improve your own emotional intelligence and why that is the鑱絢ey to leading a successful life.
204	1-Sentence-Summary: Empire Of Illusion motivates you to watch less TV and get better at reading by outlining the sharp drop in literacy levels in the United States in recent years, the negative effects that have followed, and the dark future ahead if we continue on this path.
205	1-Sentence-Summary: Empty Planet explains why overpopulation alarmists are wrong and how depopulation poses the more imminent threat to the happiness of humanity.
206	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼nding Aging describes how the process of aging is like a disease and therefore, treatable, by outlining the seven primary ways in which we age and possible antidotes to all of them, plus a glimpse into the future of potentially indefinite human life.
207	1-Sentence-Summary: Energy makes you smarter by helping you understand where this important aspect of our lives comes from, how we閳ユ獫e used it throughout history to get to where we are today, and why we need to be careful about how we consume it so that we can have a better future.
208	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼nlightenment Now describes how the values of the Enlightenment, science, reason, humanism, and progress, keep improving our world until today, making it a better place day by day, despite the negative news.
209	1-Sentence-Summary: EntreLeadership provides you with a path to becoming a great leader in your company by identifying the necessary management and entrepreneurial skills.
210	1-Sentence-Summary: Epic Content Marketing shows why traditional methods for selling like TV and direct mail are dead and how creating content is the new future of advertising because it actually grabs people閳ユ獨 attention by focusing on what they care about instead of your product.
211	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼ssentialism shows you a new approach to productivity and life by allowing you to be extremely selective about鑱絫he essential things in your life and then ruthlessly cutting out everything else.
212	1-Sentence-Summary: Everybody Lies will expand your mind about the true nature of human beings by explaining what big data is, how it came to be, and how we can use it to understand ourselves better.
213	1-Sentence-Summary: Everybody Matters identifies the best way to become successful in business, help your team members trust you, and enable people to reach their full potential by showing the power of taking better care of your employees as if they were family.
214	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼verything I Know ditches all the rules and gives you a guide to living a fulfilled and adventurous life that can be infinitely updated, stretched, expanded and customized, based on who you are, instead of another 閳ユ竸o-this-to-get-rich-fast閳?scheme that doesn閳ユ獩 work for everyone.
215	1-Sentence-Summary: Everything Is F*cked explains what閳ユ獨 wrong with our approach towards happiness and gives philosophical suggestions that help us make our lives worth living.
216	1-Sentence-Summary: Everything Is Figureoutable will help you annihilate the limiting beliefs that are holding you back so that you can finally pursue your dreams by identifying the thinking patterns that get you stuck and how to use self-empowerment principles to become free.
217	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼verything Is Obvious shows you that common sense isn閳ユ獩 as reliable as you think it is, because it often fails us in helping to make predictions, and how you can change the way you or your company make decisions with鑱絤ore scientific, statistically grounded methods.
218	1-Sentence-Summary: Evicted reveals the awful situation of those living in the poorest cities in the United States by identifying how this situation came to be, the horrendous effect it has on the individuals and families that deal with it, and what we might do to stop it.
219	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紼xcellent Sheep鑱絛escribes how fundamentally broken elite education is, why it makes students feel depressed and lost, how educational institutions have been alienated from their true purpose, what students really must learn in college and how we can go back to making college a place for self-discovery and critical thinking.
220	1-Sentence-Summary: Executive Presence is an insightful and actionable overview of the most essential components of a successful leader閳ユ獨 presence.
221	1-Sentence-Summary: Exploring The World Of Lucid Dreaming is a practical guide to dreaming consciously which uncovers an invaluable channel of communication between your conscious and unconscious mind.
222	1-Sentence-Summary: Extraordinary Influence helps you become a better leader by revealing what neuroscience has to say about effective leadership, identifying communication as the key to the highest levels of performance.
223	1-Sentence-Summary: Extreme Ownership contains useful leadership advice from two Navy SEALs who learned to stay strong, disciplined, and level-headed in high-stakes combat scenarios.
224	1-Sentence-Summary: Facebook Ads Manual gives you an exact, step-by-step tutorial to create and run your first Facebook ads campaign, allowing you to market your product, page, or yourself to a massive audience for next to no money and make you a true social media marketer.
225	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽actfulness explains how our worldview has been distorted with the rise of new media, which ten human instincts cause erroneous thinking, and how we can learn to separate fact from fiction when forming our opinions.
226	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽ailing Forward will help you stop making excuses, start embracing failure as a natural, necessary part of the process and let you find the confidence to proceed anyway.
227	1-Sentence-Summary: Faith is an in-depth exploration of the many meanings of faith and the various ways it affects human life, backed by the personal account of former US President Jimmy Carter.
228	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽armageddon is a shocking compendium of the facts and figures about how the mass production of cheap meat influences our world, ranging from water and air pollution, to threatening species, to making us obese and sick, in order to鑱絪how why we must return to more traditional farming techniques to sustainably feed the world.
229	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽ast Food Nation describes how the fast food industry has reduced the overall food quality worldwide, created poor working conditions for millions of people and ruined public health.
230	1-Sentence-Summary: Fear takes an inside look through the eyes of journalist, Bob Woodward, into a deeply flawed President, Donald Trump, and the dysfunctional administration that surrounds him. 
231	1-Sentence-Summary: Feral will help you find ways to improve the well-being of humanity by illustrating the deep connection between us and Nature and offering actionable advice on how to preserve balance in our ecosystems through rewilding.
232	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽ind Your Why is an actionable guide to discover your mission in life, figure out how you can live it on a daily basis and share it with the world.
233	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽inding My Virginity is Richard Branson閳ユ獨 follow-up biography, which shares the highlights of his entrepreneurial journey over the past two decades.
234	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽inding Your Element shows you how to find your talents and passions, embrace them, and come up with your own definition of happiness, so you can combine what you love with what you閳ユ獧e good at to live a long, happy life.
235	1-Sentence-Summary: Finish identifies perfectionism as the biggest enemy of your goals, in order to then help you defeat it with research backed strategies to get things out the door while having fun, taking the pressure off and cutting yourself some slack.
236	1-Sentence-Summary: Finite And Infinite Games鑱給ffers the theory that we play many different games in life, showing you that work and relationships are long-term endeavors and how to play them in order to win.
237	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽ire And Fury is a first-person account of Donald Trump閳ユ獨 presidential campaign in 2016, his unexpected victory, and subsequent first year in the White House as 45th president of the United States.
238	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽irst Bite explains how you閳ユ獫e acquired your eating habits in your childhood and why they閳ユ獧e not hardwired, as well as how you can change them for the better and teach your children to eat healthy.
239	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽irst Things First shows you how to stop looking at the clock and start looking at the compass, by figuring out what閳ユ獨 important, prioritizing those things in your life, developing a vision for the future, building the right relationships and becoming a strong leader wherever you go.
240	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽lourish establishes a new model for well-being, rooted in positive psychology, building on five key pillars to help you create a happy life through the power of simple exercises.
241	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽low explains why we seek happiness in externals and what閳ユ獨 wrong with it, where you can really find enjoyment in life, and how you can truly become happy by creating your own meaning of life.
242	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽ocus shows you that attention is the thing that makes life worth living and helps you develop more of it to鑱絙ecome focused in every area of life: work, relationships and your own attitude towards life and the planet.
243	1-Sentence-Summary: Food Fix will help you eat healthier and improve the environment at the same time by explaining how bad our food is for us and our planet and what we can each do to fix these problems.
244	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽ooled By Randomness explains how luck, uncertainty, probability, human error, risk, and decision-making work together to influence our actions, set against the backdrop of business and specifically, investing, to uncover how much bigger the role of chance in our lives is, than we usually make it out to be.
245	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽orensics: The Anatomy Of Crime gives you an inside looks at all the different fields of criminal forensics and their history, showing you how the investigation and evidence-collection of crimes has changed dramatically within the last 200 years, helping us find the truth behind more and more crimes.
246	1-Sentence-Summary: Founders at Work shows you how to start a successful business based on the principles of the founders of some of the world閳ユ獨 most famous and accomplished startups.
247	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽reakonomics helps you make better decisions by showing you how your life is dominated by incentives, how to close information asymmetries between you and the experts that exploit you and how to really tell the difference between causation and correlation.
248	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紽ree: The Future Of A Radical Price explains how offering things for free has moved from marketing gimmick to truly sustainable business strategy, thanks to the power of the internet, and how free and freemium models are already changing how鑱絯e sell stuff.
249	1-Sentence-Summary: Free To Focus will make you more productive by identifying why your understanding of the definition of efficient work is flawed, how to fix it, and how to have the confidence to say no to distractions and work that isn閳ユ獩 worth your time.
250	1-Sentence-Summary: From Here To Financial Happiness is your guide to having a healthier relationship with money and shows you how looking to the future to prepare for what閳ユ獨 ahead can make you a lot less stressed about your financial life.
251	1-Sentence-Summary: Game Changers reveals the secrets that some of the most impactful people in the world use to hack their biology and win at life and will teach you how to achieve your goals and be happy. 
252	1-Sentence-Summary: Genius Foods is the ultimate science-based diet plan that will help your brain perform with clarity and intelligence while protecting you against dementia. 
253	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾enius: The Life And Science Of Richard Feynman tells the story of one the greatest minds in the history of science, all the way from his humble beginnings to changing physics as we know it and receiving the Nobel prize.
254	1-Sentence-Summary: Get Out Of Your Own Way guides you through the process of overcoming what閳ユ獨 holding you back from being your best self and reaching success you閳ユ獫e never dreamed of by identifying how Dave Hollis came to realize his limiting beliefs and beat them.
255	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾et Smart reveals how you can access more of your brain閳ユ獨 power through simple, actionable brain training techniques that閳ユ獟l spark your creativity, make you look for the positive and help you achieve your goals faster.
256	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾etting Everything You Can Out Of All You閳ユ獫e Got gives you 21 ways to beat the competition in business by working with the assets you have, but are not considering, learning to see opportunities where others see obstacles and doing things differently on purpose.
257	1-Sentence-Summary: Getting There will inspire you to move toward your entrepreneurial dreams with the business journeys of six successful entrepreneurs. 
258	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾etting Things Done is a manual for stress-free productivity, which helps you set up a system of lists, reminders and weekly reviews, in order to free your mind from having to remember tasks and to-dos and instead let it work at full focus on the task at hand.
259	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾hettoside explains the history of homicide in the United States and why particularly black communities struggle with high murder rates, as well as what can and must be done to change the status quo for the better.
260	1-Sentence-Summary: Girl, Stop Apologizing is an inspirational book for women everywhere to start living up to their potential and stop apologizing for following their dreams. 
261	1-Sentence-Summary: Girl, Wash Your Face inspires women to take their lives into their own hands and make their dreams happen, no matter how discouraged they may feel at the moment.
262	1-Sentence-Summary: #GIRLBOSS shows that even an unconventional life can lead to success when you discover your passions and improve your skills in unusual and unpredictable ways.
263	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾ive And Take explains the three different types of how we interact with others and shows you why being a giver is, contrary to popular belief, the best way to success in business and life.
264	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾ood To Great examines what it takes for ordinary companies to become great and outperform their competitors by analyzing 28 companies over 30鑱統ears, who managed to make the transition or fell prey to their bad habits.
265	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾rain Brain takes a look at the impact carbohydrates have on the structure and development of your brain, arriving at the conclusion that a diet high in fat, low in carbs and especially sugar, combined with fasting, lots of activity and more sleep could provide you with a much higher quality of life.
266	1-Sentence-Summary: Great At Work examines what it takes to be a top performer and gives practical advice to achieve significant results at work while maintaining an excellent work-life balance.
267	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾reat By Choice analyzes what makes the world閳ユ獨 best companies thrive in even the most uncertain and chaotic times, by distilling nine years of research and great stories into three actionable principles.
268	1-Sentence-Summary: Great Thinkers shows how much of what閳ユ獨 truly important in life can be solved by the wisdom left behind by brilliant minds from long past.鑱?"['Happiness'
269	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾rit describes what creates outstanding achievements, based on science, interviews with high achievers from various fields and the personal history of success of the author, Angela Duckworth, uncovering that achievement isn閳ユ獩 reserved for the talented only, but for those with passion and perseverance.
270	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紾rowth Hacker Marketing uses a 4-step framework to explain鑱絟ow today閳ユ獨 startups remove the barrier between marketing and product development to make the product itself the best way to get new customers.
271	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿abits Of A Happy Brain explains the four neurotransmitters in your brain that create happiness, why you can閳ユ獩 be happy all the time, and how you can rewire your brain by taking responsibility for your own hormones and thus, happiness.
272	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ackers and Painters is a collection of essays by Y Combinator founder Paul Graham about what makes a good computer programmer and how you can鑱絚ode鑱絫he future if you are one, making a fortune in the process.
273	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿appier At Home is an instruction manual to transform your home into a castle of happiness by figuring out what needs to be changed, what needs to stay the same, and embracing the gift of family.
274	1-Sentence-Summary: Happier will improve your mental state and level of success by identifying what you get wrong about joy and how to discover what閳ユ獨 most important to you and how to make those things a more significant part of your life.
275	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿appiness will teach you鑱絟ow our desire for it developed, what its benefits are, why money actually hurts our happiness and where it really comes from, and how Western countries could easily increase their happiness with a few changes.
276	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ardwiring Happiness tells you what you can do to overcome your negativity bias of focusing on and exaggerating negative events by relishing, extending and prioritizing the good things in your life to become happier.
277	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿atching Twitter details the story and human drama behind the creation and meteoric rise of Twitter, the social media platform that閳ユ獨 changed how we communicate over the past ten years.
278	1-Sentence-Summary: Hit Refresh tells the inspiring story of an Indian boy named Satya Nadella, who eventually went on to become the CEO of Microsoft, one of the biggest companies in the world.
279	1-Sentence-Summary: Hold Me Tight gives you advice on how to build and sustain a deeper connection with your spouse or partner by identifying the importance that every kind of emotion has in creating a lasting relationship and how to handle each of them maturely.
280	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿omo Deus illustrates the history of the human race from how we came to be the dominant species over what narratives are shaping our lives today all the way to which obstacles we must overcome next to continue to thrive.
281	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ooked shows you how some of the world閳ユ獨 most successful鑱絧roducts, like smartphones, make us form habits around them and why that閳ユ獨 crucial to their success, before teaching鑱統ou the 4-step framework that lies behind them.
282	1-Sentence-Summary: How Emotions Are Made explores the often misconstrued world of human feelings and the cutting-edge science behind how they閳ユ獧e formed.
283	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow Google Works shines a light on the hiring and operating processes of Google, which have鑱絜nabled it to come up with great products continuously and stay visionary over the past 17 years.
284	1-Sentence-Summary: How Luck Happens shows you how to foster your own luck by creating the conditions for it to manifest itself in your work, love and all other aspects of life.
285	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow Not To Be Wrong shows you that math is really just the science of common sense and that studying a few key mathematical ideas can help you assess risks better, make the right decisions, navigate the world effortlessly and be wrong a lot less.
286	1-Sentence-Summary: How Not To Die delivers a template for extending your life based on scientific research which recommends switching to a mainly plant-based diet. 
287	1-Sentence-Summary: How Not To Worry will teach you how to live stress-free by revealing your brain閳ユ獨 primitive emotional survival instinct and providing a simple and effective roadmap for letting go of your anxieties.鑱?
288	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow Successful People Think lays out eleven specific ways of thinking you can practice to live a better, happier, more successful life.
289	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Be A Positive Leader taps into the expertise of 17 leadership experts to show you how you can become a positive leader, who empowers everyone around him, whether at work or at home, with small changes, that compound into a big impact.
290	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Be A Stoic is a practical guide to ancient philosophy in modern life, covering the principles Socrates, Epictetus, and Cato followed in the three disciplines of desire, action, and assent.
291	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Be Alone shows you that solitude not only has its benefits, but is a vital component of happiness and that you should embrace it and slowly discover what dosage you need, and why it閳ユ獨 okay to let society think you閳ユ獧e a bit weird sometimes.
292	1-Sentence-Summary: How To Be An Antiracist will make you a better, kinder, and more fair person by revealing how deeply ingrained racism is in our society and outlining what we can all do to annihilate it completely.
293	1-Sentence-Summary: How To Be Black is a personal story illustrating what it means to be black in a reality largely determined by the white culture.
294	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow to Become a Straight-A Student gives you the techniques A+ students have used to pass college with flying colors and summa cum laude degrees, without compromising their entire lives and spending every minute in the library, ranging from time management and note-taking tactics all the way to how you can write a great thesis.
295	1-Sentence-Summary: How To Change Your Mind reveals new evidence on psychedelics, confirming their power to cure mental illness, ease depression and addiction, and help people die more peacefully.鑱?
296	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Create A Mind breaks down the human brain into its components, in order to then draw parallels to computers and find out what is required to let them replicate our minds, thus creating true, artificial intelligence.
297	1-Sentence-Summary: How To Do Nothing makes you more productive and helps you have more peace by identifying the problems with our current 24/7 work culture, where it came from, and how pausing to reflect helps you overcome it.
298	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Fail At Almost Everything And Still Win Big is the memoir of Dilbert cartoonist Scott Adams, in which he shares how he learned to take care of himself, so he could go from loss to loss, until eventually winning big.
299	1-Sentence-Summary: How To Read A Book is a 1940 classic teaching you how to become a more active reader and deliberately practice the various stages of reading, in order to maximize the value you get from books.
300	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Read Literature Like A Professor shows you how to get more out of your reading, by educating you about the basics of classic literature and how authors use patterns, themes, memory and symbolism in their work to deliver their message to you.
301	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Stop Worrying And Start Living is a self-help classic which addresses one of the leading causes of physical illness, worry, by showing you simple and actionable techniques to eliminate it from your life.
302	1-Sentence-Summary: How To will help you get better at abstract thinking as it gives solutions to some of the strangest problems in the wackiest, but still scientific, ways.
303	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Talk To Anyone is a collection of actionable tips to help you master the art of human communication, leave great first impressions and make people feel comfortable around you in all walks of life.
304	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Win At The Sport Of Business is Mark Cuban閳ユ獨 account of how he changed his mindset and attitude over the years to go from broke to billionaire and help you embrace the habits of a successful businessman (or woman).
305	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow To Win Friends And Influence People teaches you countless principles to become a likable person, handle your relationships well, win others over and help them change their behavior without being intrusive.
306	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow We Got To Now explores the history of innovation, how innovations connect to one another, create an environment for change and where innovations come from.
307	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow We Learn teaches you how your brain creates and recalls memories, what you can do to remember things better and longer, and how you can boost your creativity and improve your gut decisions along the way.
308	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿ow Will You Measure Your Life shows you how to sustain motivation at work and in life to spend your time on earth happily and fulfilled, by focusing not just on money and your career, but your family, relationships and personal well-being.
309	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿oward Hughes: His Life And Madness details the birth, childhood, career, death and legacy of shimmering business tycoon Howard Hughes, who was a billionaire, world-renowned aviator, actor and industry magnate.
310	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱紿umans Are Underrated鑱絛issects how computers now beat humans when it comes to knowledge, but will never surpass us in social skills or creativity.
311	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絀 Thought It Was Just Me (But It Isn閳ユ獩) helps you understand and better manage the complicated and painful feeling of shame.
312	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絀 Wear The Black Hat shows you that determining if a person is good or bad isn閳ユ獩 as straightforward as you might think, by uncovering some of the biases that make us see people in a different light, regardless of their true intentions.
313	1-Sentence-Summary: I Will Teach You To Be Rich helps you save money on autopilot while allowing yourself to spend guilt-free on the things you enjoy.
314	1-Sentence-Summary: Identity explains the evolution of identity politics and how they lead the way to deep political divisions, giving suggestions about what we can do to alleviate this ever-growing problem. 
315	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絀f You閳ユ獧e So Smart, Why Aren閳ユ獩 You Happy walks you through the seven deadly sins of unhappiness, which will show you how small the correlation between success and happiness truly is and help you avoid chasing the wrong things in your short time here on earth.
316	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絀gnore Everybody outlines 40 ways for creative people to let their inner artist bubble to the surface by staying in control of their art, not selling out and refusing鑱絫o conform to鑱絯hat the world wants you to do.
317	1-Sentence-Summary: Ikigai explains how you can live a longer and happier life by having a purpose, eating healthy, and not retiring.
318	1-Sentence-Summary: Imagine It Forward inspires businesses and individuals to challenge outdated thinking and ways of doing work by sharing the life and business experiences of Beth Comstock, one of America閳ユ獨 most innovative businesswomen.
319	1-Sentence-Summary: Immunity is an introductory guide to how your immune system works, why it閳ユ獨 a double-edged sword, and which laws govern its existence.
320	1-Sentence-Summary: Impeachment is your guide to understanding how the US government has the power to remove a president and reviews the events surrounding past evictions of the commander-in-chief. 
321	1-Sentence-Summary: Imperfect Courage is the story of how entrepreneur Jessica Honegger learned to step out of her comfort zone and build a million-dollar business helping artists and people in need around the world.
322	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絀n Defense Of Food describes the decline of food in exchange for diets driven by science and nutritional data, how this decline has ruined our health and what you can do to return to food as a simple, cultural, natural aspect of life.
323	1-Sentence-Summary: In Search Of Excellence is a study of America閳ユ獨 top 15 companies, revealing what entrepreneurs should focus on if they want their businesses to thrive.
324	1-Sentence-Summary: Influence has been the go-to book for marketers since its release in 1984, which delivers鑱絪ix key principles behind human influence and explains them with countless practical examples.
325	1-Sentence-Summary: Inner Engineering is a guide to creating a life of happiness by exploring your internal landscape of thoughts and feelings and learning to align them with what the universe tells you.
326	1-Sentence-Summary: Insight will help you understand what self-awareness is, why it閳ユ獨 vital if you want to become your best self, and how to overcome the obstacles in the way of having more of it.
327	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絀nventology takes you through the history of how many of the world閳ユ獨 best inventors came across their ideas, uncovering their creative process and how鑱統ou can update it for today to figure out what drives great inventions and come up with your own.
328	1-Sentence-Summary: Invisible Influence will help you make better choices by revealing and reducing the effect that others have on your actions, thoughts, and preferences.
329	"1-Sentence-Summary: Irresistible reveals how alarmingly stuck to our devices we are, shows the negative consequences of technology addiction, and gives tips for a healthier relationship with the digital world.
"
330	1-Sentence-Summary: It Doesn閳ユ獩 Have To Be Crazy At Work helps you relax about the current hurry-up and work yourself to death culture and instead see why getting rid of these stressful mentalities will make you and your company more focused, calm, and productive.
331	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絠Woz is Steve Wozniak閳ユ獨 autobiography, detailing his story in his own words, from early tinkering with electronics in his home, to college and his first job, all the way to singlehandedly creating the world閳ユ獨 first desktop鑱絚omputer, the Apple I and founding what would become the most valuable company in the world.
332	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絁ab, Jab, Jab, Right Hook is a message to everyone who閳ユ獨 not on the social media train yet, showing them how to tell their story the right way on social media, so that it閳ユ獟l actually get heard.
333	1-Sentence-Summary: Joy At Work takes Marie Kondo閳ユ獨 famous tidying-up tips and applies it to your job to help you be happier in the physical areas, digital spaces, and uses of your time in the office.
334	1-Sentence-Summary: Just Listen teaches how to get your message across to anyone by using proven listening and persuasion techniques. 
335	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃abor of Love illustrates the history of modern dating as we know it, starting from its origins in the late 1800s all the way to the dating websites and apps we know today.
336	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃aunch is an early internet entrepreneurs step-by-step blueprint to creating products people want, launching them from the comfort of your home and building the life you閳ユ獫e always wanted, thanks to the power of psychology, email, and of course the internet.
337	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃eaders Eat Last teaches you where the need for leadership comes from historically, what the consequences of bad leadership are and how you can be a good leader in the modern world.
338	1-Sentence-Summary: Leadershift will show you how to become a great leader by identifying the need to constantly improve your mindset and methods and showing you what to do so that you can make the biggest impact on your team and your organization.
339	1-Sentence-Summary: Leadership Strategy And Tactics shows you how to become effective when you閳ユ獧e in charge by using the power of traits like accountability, humility, and others that Jocko Willink uses to lead his team of Navy SEALs.
340	1-Sentence-Summary: Lean Analytics opens up the world of collecting and analyzing data to new entrepreneurs, by showing them how to use data as a powerful tool without getting consumed by it to build, launch and grow their startup faster while focusing on the right metrics.
341	1-Sentence-Summary: Lean In digs deep into gender inequality and why women are still underrepresented as a valuable part of our global workforce, showing how they unintentionally hold themselves back, as well as outlining ways for us to enable and support them, including how you as a woman鑱絚an take the lead and hold the flag of women in work high.
342	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃earned Optimism digs into why optimists are healthier, happier, and more successful people than pessimists, how both are learned attitudes and what you can do to become an optimist yourself.
343	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃eonardo Da Vinci is Walter Isaacson閳ユ獨 account of the life of one of the most brilliant artists, thinkers, and innovators who ever lived.
344	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃ess Doing More Living is based on the assumption that the less you have to do, the more life you have to live, and helps you implement this philosophy into your life by giving you real-world tools to boost efficiency in every aspect of your life.
345	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃etters From A Stoic is a collection of moral epistles famous Roman Stoic and philosopher Seneca sent to his friend Lucilius, in order to help him become less emotional, more disciplined, and find the good life.
346	1-Sentence-Summary: Liespotting teaches you how to identify deceptive behavior with practical advice and foster a culture of trust, truth, and honesty in your immediate environment.
347	1-Sentence-Summary: Life After Google explains why Silicon Valley is suffering a nervous breakdown as big data and machine intelligence comes to an end and the post-Google era dawns.
348	1-Sentence-Summary: Linchpin shows you why the time of simply following instructions at your job is over and how to make yourself indispensable, which is a must for success today.
349	1-Sentence-Summary: Living In Your Top 1% shows you how to become your best self and live up to your full potential by outlining nine science-backed ways to beat the odds and achieve your goals and dreams.
350	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃ong-Term Thinking For A Short-Sighted World explains why we rarely think about the long-term consequences of our actions, how this puts our entire species in danger and what we can do to change and ensure a thriving future for mankind.
351	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃ong Walk To Freedom is the autobiography of Nelson Mandela, South African anti-apartheid activist, national icon and the first South African black president, elected in the first, fully democratic election in the country.
352	1-Sentence-Summary: Losing My Virginity details Richard Branson閳ユ獨 meteoric rise to success and digs into what made him the adventurous, fun-loving, daring entrepreneur he is today and what lessons you can learn about business from him.
353	1-Sentence-Summary: Lost Connections explains why depression affects so many people and that improving our relationships, not taking medication, is the way to beat our mental health problems.
354	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絃oving What Is gives you four simple questions to turn negative thoughts around, change how you react to the events and people that stress you and thus end your own suffering to love reality as it is.
355	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組ade To Stick examines advertising campaigns, urban myths and compelling stories to determine the six traits that make ideas stick in our brains, so you don閳ユ獩 just know why you remember some things better than others, but can also spread your own ideas more easily among the right people.
356	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組ake A Killing On Kindle shows you how you can market your self-published ebooks on Amazon the right way, without wasting time on social media or building a huge author platform first by focusing on a few key areas to set up your book for long-term sales in just 18 hours.
357	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組ake Time is about creating space in your life for what truly matters using highlights, laser-style focus, energizing breaks, and regularly reflecting on how you spend your most valuable asset.
358	1-Sentence-Summary: Make Your Bed encourages you to pursue your goals and change the lives of others for the better by showing that success is a combination of individual willpower and mutual support.
359	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組ake Your Mark is a business book for creatives, telling them how to get started on turning their creative energy into a profitable business with simple, actionable ideas taken from 20 leading entrepreneurs and designers, who lead successful creative businesses.
360	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組aking Ideas Happen is a systematized approach to coming up with creative ideas and, more importantly, actually executing them, that teams and companies can use to move their business and the world forward.
361	1-Sentence-Summary: Making It All Work explains how to balance your daily tasks with your long-term goals to bring them all together for a happy and productive life.
362	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組an閳ユ獨 Search For Meaning details holocaust survivor Viktor Frankl閳ユ獨 horrifying experiences in Nazi concentration camps, along with his psychological approach of logotherapy, which is also what helped him survive and shows you how you can 閳?and must 閳?find meaning in your life.
363	1-Sentence-Summary: Manufacturing Consent reveals how the upper class controls and skews the news to get the masses to believe whatever serves them best.
364	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組astery debunks the myth of talent and shows you there are proven steps you can take to achieve mastery in a discipline of your own choosing, by analyzing the paths of some history閳ユ獨鑱絤ost famous masters, such as Einstein, Darwin and Da Vinci.
365	1-Sentence-Summary: Maybe You Should Talk To Someone will help you feel more comfortable with using therapy to improve your mental health by giving a candid look into how therapy really works from the point of view of an experienced therapist who also found herself needing it.
366	1-Sentence-Summary: Measure What Matters teaches you how to implement tracking systems into your company and life that will help you record your progress, stay accountable, and make reaching your goals almost inevitable.
367	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組editations On First Philosophy is the number one work of philosophy of the Western world, written by Ren鑼?Descartes in 1641, abandoning everything that can possibly be doubted and then starting to reason his way from there.
368	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組editations is a collection of 12 books written by Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius, who閳ユ獟l introduce you to Stoic philosophy, the concept of logic, self-discipline and give you faith that the course the world runs is a good one.
369	1-Sentence-Summary: Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus helps you improve your relationships by identifying the key differences between men and women.
370	1-Sentence-Summary: Merchants of Doubt explains how a small but loud group of researchers were able to mislead the public about the truths around global warming, tobacco, DDT, and other important issues for decades. 
371	1-Sentence-Summary: Metahuman shows you how to tap into your unlimited potential by discovering a higher level of awareness surrounding the limits of your everyday reality.
372	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組illion Dollar Consulting teaches you how to build a thriving consultancy business, by focusing on relationships, delivering strategic value and thinking long-term all the way through.
373	1-Sentence-Summary: Millionaire Success Habits will teach you the habits you need to become financially successful and make a big difference in the world along the way.
374	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組ind Gym explains why the performance of world-class athletes isn閳ユ獩 only鑱絘 result of their physical training, but just as much due to their mentally fit minds and shows you how you can cultivate the mindset of a top performer yourself.
375	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組indset explains the difference between having a fixed and a growth mindset, why one trumps the other, and what you can do to adopt the right one.
376	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組indsight offers a new way of transforming your life for the better by connecting emotional awareness with the right reactions in your body, based on the work of a renowned pyschologist鑱絘nd his patients.
377	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組ini Habits explains how you can get the most out of the fact that 45% of your behavior happens on autopilot by setting ridiculously small goals, relying on willpower instead of motivation and tracking your progress to live a life that閳ユ獨 full of鑱絞ood mini habits.
378	1-Sentence-Summary: Minimalism is an instructive introduction to the philosophy of less and how it helped two guys who had achieved the American dream let go of their possessions and the depressions that came with them.
379	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組istakes Were Made, But Not By Me takes you on a journey of famous examples and areas of life where mistakes are hushed up instead of admitted, showing you along the way how this鑱絟inders progress, why we do it in the first place, and what you can do to start honestly admitting your own.
380	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組oney: Master The Game holds 7 simple steps to financial freedom, based on the advice of the world閳ユ獨 best billionaire investors, interviewed by Tony Robbins.
381	1-Sentence-Summary: Money is your guide for learning how to stop pushing yourself to do more at your job and live a happier and more fulfilling life by making your money work hard for you. 
382	1-Sentence-Summary: Moneyland uncovers the mystery of how the rich keep getting richer by revealing the great lengths they閳ユ獟l go to so they can avoid taxes and other things that threaten their wealth.
383	1-Sentence-Summary: Moonshot! describes why now is the best time ever to build a business and how you can harness technology to create an experience customers will love by seeing the possibilities of the future before others do.
384	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組oonwalking With Einstein not only educates you about the history of memory, and how its standing has declined over centuries, but also gives you actionable techniques to extend and improve your own.
385	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱組ove Your Bus sheds some light on the different groups of members in an organization, be it a school or a company, and how leaders can inspire those different groups, as well as how individuals can move up and become more valuable to the organization they serve.
386	1-Sentence-Summary: Multipliers helps us become more efficient leaders by magnifying the strengths of our team and dealing with managers that pull everyone down.
387	1-Sentence-Summary: My Age Of Anxiety is your guide to understanding an aspect of mental illness that most of us don閳ユ獩 realize is so severe, showing it閳ユ獨 biological and environmental origins and ways to treat it.
388	1-Sentence-Summary: My Stroke Of Insight鑱絫eaches you how to calm yourself anytime by simply tuning into the inherent peacefulness of the right side of the brain.
389	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絅apoleon The Great is the definitive, modern biography of legendary leader, French idol and European visionary Napoleon Bonaparte, detailing his life from his early years鑱絘s an immigrant, over his rise through the military ranks, all the way to his greatest battles, political achievements and ultimate exile.
390	1-Sentence-Summary: Necessary Endings is a guide to change that explains how you can get rid of unwanted behaviors, events, and people in your life and use the magic of new beginnings to build a better life.
391	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絅ever Eat Alone is a modern classic, which explains the art of networking and gives you actionable advice on how you can harness the power of good relationships and become a good networker to build a career you love.
392	1-Sentence-Summary: Never Split The Difference explains why you should never compromise and how to negotiate like a pro in your everyday life. 
393	1-Sentence-Summary: No-Drama Discipline is a refreshing approach to parenting that looks at the neuroscience of a developing child閳ユ獨 brain to understand how to best discipline and teach kids while making them feel loved.
394	1-Sentence-Summary: No Excuses! teaches us that self-discipline is the key to success and gives us practical advice to master it and achieve self-actualization, happy relationships, and financial security.
395	1-Sentence-Summary: Nobody Wants to Read Your Sh*t combines countless lessons Steven Pressfield has learned from succeeding as a writer in advertising, the movie industry, fiction, non-fiction, and self-help, in order to help you write like a pro.
396	1-Sentence-Summary: Nonviolent Communication explains how focusing on people閳ユ獨 underlying needs and making observations instead of judgments can revolutionize the way you interact with anybody, even your worst enemies.
397	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絅udge shows you how you can unconsciously make better decisions by designing your environment so it nudges you in the right direction every time temptation becomes greatest and thus build your own choice architecture in advance.
398	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆n Liberty is the philosophy classic that laid the foundation of modern liberal politics, by鑱絘pplying the concept of utilitarianism to societies and countries, in order to create a working system between authority and liberty.
399	1-Sentence-Summary: On The Origin Of Species is the foundational book for modern evolutionary biology that marked a turning point in how we think about the beginnings of humankind.
400	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆n The Shortness Of Life is a 2,000 year old, 20-page masterpiece by Seneca, Roman stoic philosopher and teacher to the emperors, about time and how to best use it, to ensure you lead a long and fulfilling life.
401	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆ne Simple Idea shows you how to turn your ideas into licensed products and build copmanies around those that use鑱給utsourced manufacturers to produce, market, sell, ship and distribute those products.
402	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆ption B shares the stories of people who閳ユ獫e had to deal with a traumatizing event, most notably Facebook閳ユ獨 COO Sheryl Sandberg, to help you face adversity, become more resilient and find joy again after life punches you in the face.
403	1-Sentence-Summary: Orientalism reveals why false Western assumptions about Eastern countries have prevailed for over 200 years and how they still affect how we view the Eastern world today.
404	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆riginals re-defines what being creative means by using many specific examples of how persistence, procrastination, transparency, critical thinking and perspective can be brought together to change the world.
405	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆ut Of Our Minds is about how we can set ourselves and our children up for doing good work in organizations around the globe, thanks to leaving behind the old mass education model and unleashing our individual creativity.
406	1-Sentence-Summary: Outer Order, Inner Calm gives you advice to declutter your space and keep it orderly, to foster your inner peace and allow you to flourish.
407	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆utliers explains why 閳ユ涪he self-made man閳?is a myth and what truly lies behind the success of the best people in their field, which is often a series of lucky events, rare opportunities and other external factors, which are out of our control.
408	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆utwitting The Devil is an imagined interview between Napoleon Hill and the Devil himself, in which he wrings certain truths from the root of evil, which will help us avoid his grasp and live a good life.
409	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆wn The Day, Own Your Life is a straightforward guide to maximizing your potential by optimizing your health of body and mind with simple tweaks to your daily routine.
410	1-Sentence-Summary: Own Your Everyday shows you how to let go of comparison, stress, and distractions so you can find your purpose and live a more fulfilling life by sharing inspiring lessons from the experiences of author Jordan Lee Dooley.
411	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絆xygen helps you understand the biology of our evolution by taking a close look at the molecule that can make and break all life and how it閳ユ獨 shaped the rise of animals, plants and humans, as well as why it might be the key to ending aging.
412	1-Sentence-Summary: Pandemic gives you an understanding of what pathogens and diseases are, how they evolve, what our lifestyle does to make them worse on us, how they can spread like wildfire, and most importantly, what we can do to stop them.
413	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇ayoff unravels the complex construct that is human motivation and shows you how it consists of many more parts than money and recognition, such as meaning, effort and ownership, so you can motivate yourself not just today, but every day.
414	1-Sentence-Summary: Peak: How Great Companies Get Their Mojo From Maslow explains why relationships are the most valuable currency in both business and life, by examining how Chip Conley brought back his chain of successful hotels from the brink of despair with a new attitude towards his customers, employees and investors, based on Maslow閳ユ獨 hierarchy of human needs.
415	1-Sentence-Summary: Peak Performance shows you how to perform at your highest level by exploring the most significant factors that contribute to delivering our best work, such as stress, rest, focus, and purpose.鑱?,['Entrepreneurship'
416	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇eak accumulates everything the pioneer researcher on deliberate practice has learned about expert performance through decades of exploration and analysis of what separates those, who are average, from those, who are world-class at what they do.
417	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇eople Over Profit evaluates the four stages most companies go through as they mature, moving from honest over efficiency to deception and, if they閳ユ獧e lucky, redemption, unless they foster seven core beliefs and stay honest all the way to the end.
418	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇ermission Marketing explains why nobody pays attention to TV commercials and flyers anymore, and shows you how in today閳ユ獨 crowded market, you can cheaply start a dialogue with your ideal customer, build a relationship over time and sell to them much more effectively.
419	1-Sentence-Summary: Personality Isn閳ユ獩 Permanent will shatter your long-held beliefs that you閳ユ獧e stuck as yourself, flaws and all, by identifying why the person you are is changeable and giving you specific and actionable steps to change.
420	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇itch Anything relies on tactics and strategies from a field called neuroeconomics to give you an entirely new way of presenting, pitching and convincing other people of your ideas and offers.
421	1-Sentence-Summary: Pitch Perfect is the ultimate guide to becoming more efficient at communication in work, at home, and everywhere you go. 
422	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇lato At The Googleplex shows you how the ancient wisdom of Greek philosopher Plato from 2,000 years ago still shapes our thinking today and can help us find answers to the big questions in life by relying on his timeless habits of striving for knowledge and reason in everything we do.
423	1-Sentence-Summary: Playing With FIRE will teach you how to be happier with your financial life and worry less about money by getting into the Financial Independence, Retire Early (FIRE) movement.
424	1-Sentence-Summary: Pre-Suasion takes you through the latest social psychology research to explain how marketers, persuaders and our environment primes us to say certain things and take specific actions, as well as how you can harness the same ideas to master the art of persuasion.
425	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇redictable Success leads you through the various stages of companies and alternative paths they can and might take, depending on their actions, showing you the safest path towards predictable success, where you consistently achieve your goals.
426	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇redictably Irrational explains the hidden forces that really drive how we make decisions, which are far less rational than we think, but can help us stay on top of our finances, interact better with others and live happier lives, once we know about them.
427	1-Sentence-Summary: Principles holds the set of rules for work and life billionaire investor and CEO of the most successful fund in history, Ray Dalio, has acquired through his 40-year career in finance.
428	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇roblem Solving 101鑱絠s a universal, four-step template for overcoming challenges in life, based on a traditional method Japanese school children learn early on.
429	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇syched Up is an in-depth look at the science behind mental preparation that will show you how to do your best when it counts the most based on what top performers do.
430	1-Sentence-Summary: Psycho-Cybernetics explains how thinking of the human mind as a machine can help improve your self-image, which will dramatically increase your success and happiness.
431	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絇urple Cow explains why building a great product and advertising the heck out of it simply doesn閳ユ獩 cut it anymore and how you can鑱絙uild something that閳ユ獨 so remarkable people have to share it, in order to succeed in today閳ユ獨 crowded post-advertising world.
432	1-Sentence-Summary: QBQ! will teach you to ask better questions and stay accountable and why doing so will change every aspect of your life for the better.
433	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絈uiet shows the slow rise of the extrovert ideal for success throughout the 20th century, while making a case for the underappreciated power of introverts and showing up new ways for both forces to cooperate.
434	1-Sentence-Summary: Quit Like A Millionaire will give you a mathematically proven way to manage your money and build wealth that will set you on the path to financial freedom.
435	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絈uitter is a blueprint to help you close the gap between your day job and your dream job, showing you simple steps you can take towards your dream without turning it into a nightmare.
436	1-Sentence-Summary: Radical Acceptance teaches how you can become more content and happy in your life by applying the principles of meditation and Buddhism. 
437	1-Sentence-Summary: Range shows that having a broad spectrum of skills and interests and taking your time to figure them out is better than specializing in just one area.
438	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉eading Like A Writer takes you through the various elements of world-famous鑱絣iterature and shows you how, by paying close attention to how great authors employ them, you can not only get a lot more from your reading, but also learn to be a better writer yourself.
439	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉eal Artists Don閳ユ獩 Starve鑱絛ebunks all myths around the starving artist and shows you you can, will and deserve to make a living from your creative work.
440	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉eality Is Broken flips the image of the lonely gamer on its head, explaining how games create real value, can be used to make us happier and even help us solve global problems.
441	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉einvent Yourself is a template for how to best adapt in a world in which the only constant is change, so that you may find happiness, success, wealth, meaningful work, and whatever else you desire in life.
442	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉ejection Proof shows you that no 閳ユ罚o閳?lasts forever, and how you can use rejection therapy to change your perspective of fear, embrace new challenges, and hear the word 閳ユ返es閳?more often than ever before.
443	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉emote explains why offices are a thing of the past and what both companies and employees can do to thrive in a company that閳ユ獨 spread all across the globe with people working wherever they choose to.
444	1-Sentence-Summary: Resisting Happiness shows you how to get more joy in your life by exploring the roadblocks you unknowingly put in the way of it, explaining why it閳ユ獨 a choice, and giving specific tips to help you make the decision to be content.
445	1-Sentence-Summary: Rest examines why traditional methods of working too long and hard are inefficient compared to working less, resting, and playing to accomplish your best work.
446	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉ewire explains why we keep engaging in addictive and self-destructive behavior, how our brains justify it and where you can get started on breaking your bad habits by becoming more mindful and disciplined.
447	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉ework shows you that you need less than you think to start a business 閳?way less 閳?by explaining why plans are actually harmful, how productivity isn閳ユ獩 a result from working long hours and why hiring and seeking investors should be your absolute last resort.
448	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉ich Dad Poor Dad tells the story of a boy with two fathers, one rich, one poor, to help you develop the mindset and financial knowledge you need to build a life of wealth and freedom.
449	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉ising Strong describes a 3-phase process of bouncing back from failure, which you can implement both in your own life and as a team or company, in order to embrace setbacks as part of life, deal with your emotions, confront your own ideas and rise stronger every time.
450	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉ookie Smarts argues against experience and for a mindset of learning in the modern workplace, due to knowledge growing and changing fast, which gives rookies a competitive advantage, as they閳ユ獧e not bound by common practices and the status quo.
451	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絉ule #1 hands you the reins of personal investing, even if you閳ユ獫e never held them before, by using a few simple rules from Warren Buffett閳ユ獨 value investing approach to guide you towards financial independence.
452	1-Sentence-Summary: Salt: A World History explores how the everyday mineral we know as table salt has shaped human civilization through the centuries, causing wars and the rise and fall of empires.
453	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊alt Sugar Fat takes you through the history of the demise of home-cooked meals by explaining why you love salt, sugar and fat so much and how the processed food industry managed to hook us by cramming all 3 of those into their products.
454	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊am Walton: Made In America shines a light on the man behind the biggest fortune ever amassed in business and explains how he built Walmart into a billion-dollar empire with hard work, incessant learning and an unrivaled resolve to make every single customer as happy as can be.
455	1-Sentence-Summary: Sapiens is your guide to becoming an expert on the entire history of the human race as it reviews everything our species has been through from ancient ancestors to our dominating place in the world today.
456	1-Sentence-Summary: Search Inside Yourself adapts the ancient ethos of 閳ユ笒nowing thyself閳?to the realities of a modern, fast-paced workplace by introducing mindfulness exercises to enhance emotional intelligence.
457	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊econd Chance prepares you for the greatest evolutionary event in history, which we閳ユ獧e all living through right now: the shift from the Industrial Age to the Information Age, where jobs and traditional educations aren閳ユ獩 the right tools to build wealth anymore.
458	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊ecrets Of The Millionaire Mind suggests our financial success is predetermined from birth and shows us what to do to break through mental barriers and acquire the habits and thinking of the rich.
459	1-Sentence-Summary: See You At The Top shows you how to have a spiritually, socially, financially, and physically successful and meaningful life by utilizing tools like positive thinking, kindness to others, and goal-setting.
460	1-Sentence-Summary: Self-Compassion teaches you the art of being kind to yourself by identifying what causes you to beat yourself up, how it affects your life negatively, and what you can do to relate to yourself in healthier and more compassionate ways.
461	1-Sentence-Summary: Selfish Reasons to Have More Kids explains how parents accidentally allowed modernity to suck all the pleasure out of family life, and why they should feel no guilt over choosing a low-stress way of parenting instead. 
462	1-Sentence-Summary: Seven Brief Lessons On Physics is your guide to getting up to speed with current theories on how the universe works by explaining general relativity and quantum mechanics, the two pillars of modern physics.
463	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊ex At Dawn challenges all conventional views on sex at once by diving deep into our ancestor閳ユ獨 sexual history, the rise of monogamy and delivering鑱絪tarting points for thinking over our understanding of what sex and relationships should really look like.
464	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊hoe Dog is the autobiography of Nike閳ユ獨 founder Phil Knight, who at last decided to share the story of how he founded one of the most iconic, profitable and world-changing brands in the world.
465	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊ide Hustle鑱絪hows you how to set up new income streams without quitting your day job, taking you all the way from your initial idea to your first earned dollars in just 27 days.
466	1-Sentence-Summary: Silent Spring is the story that sparked the global grassroots environmental movement in 1962, explaining how chemical pesticides work, what their drawbacks are, and how we can protect crops in better, more sustainable ways.
467	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊imple Rules shows you how to navigate our incredibly complex world by learning the structure of and coming up with your own set of easy, clear-cut rules to follow for the most various situations in life.
468	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊ingletasking digs into neuroscientific research to explain why we閳ユ獧e not meant to multitask, how you can go back to the old, singletasking ways, and why that閳ユ獨 better for your work, relationships and happiness.
469	1-Sentence-Summary: Six Thinking Hats shows you how to disentangle your own and your team閳ユ獨 or company閳ユ獨 cumulative thinking process into six distinct areas, tackling a problem from different perspectives as a group, in order to solve it with the power of parallel thinking and thus save time and money.
470	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊kin In The Game is an assessment of asymmetries in human interactions, aimed at helping you understand where and how gaps in uncertainty, risk, knowledge, and fairness emerge, and how to close them.
471	1-Sentence-Summary: Sleep Smarter is a collection of 21 simple tips and tricks to optimize your sleep environment once and then reap the benefits of more restful nights forever.
472	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊mart People Should Build Things explains how the current education system works against the economy by producing an endless string of bankers and consultants, instead of the innovators we need, and how we can encourage more young people to become entrepreneurs to solve this problem.
473	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊martcuts explains how some people and businesses achieve rapid growth and build sustainable, profitable companies in the time it takes you to get another promotion, by working smart, not hard and hacking into the ladder of success, instead of climbing it one step at a time.
474	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊marter Faster Better tells deeply researched stories from professionals around the world to show you how to do what you閳ユ獧e already doing in a better, more efficient way, by focusing on decisions, motivation and the way we set goals.
475	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊marter is one 閳ユ笩low learner閳?turned A student閳ユ獨 experimental account of improving his intelligence by 16% through various tests, lessons and exercises and explains how you can increase your intelligence in scientifically proven ways.
476	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊o Good They Can閳ユ獩 Ignore You sheds some much needed light on the 閳ユ竾ollow your passion閳?myth and shows you that the true path to work you love lies in becoming a craftsman of the work you already have, collecting rare skills and taking control of your hours in the process.
477	1-Sentence-Summary: So You Want To Talk About Race will help you make the world a better, fairer place by explaining how deeply entrenched racism is in our culture today and giving specific tips for having effective conversations about it so you can help end this major issue with society.
478	1-Sentence-Summary: So You閳ユ獫e Been Publicly Shamed explains how public shaming can bring down websites, close businesses, destroy careers, and why it often suppresses ethical behavior instead of encouraging it.
479	1-Sentence-Summary: Social Intelligence is a complete guide to the neuroscience of relationships, explaining how your social interactions shape you and how you can use these effects to your advantage.
480	1-Sentence-Summary: Social explains how our innate drive to build social connections is the primary driver behind our behavior and explores ways we can use this knowledge to our advantage. 
481	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊olve For Happy lays out a former Google engineers formula for happiness, which shows you not only that it閳ユ獨 our default state, but also how to overcome the obstacles we face in remaining in it.
482	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊partan Up is a call for you to ditch modern day comfort, take up a challenge and don閳ユ獩 quit until you reach your goal by developing the mindset of an ancient Spartan warrior.
483	1-Sentence-Summary: SPIN Selling is your guide to becoming an expert salesperson by identifying what the author learned from 35,000 sales calls and 12 years of research on the topic.
484	1-Sentence-Summary: Sprint completely overhauls your project management process so it allows you to go from zero to prototype in just five days and figure out if your idea is worth creating faster than ever.
485	1-Sentence-Summary: Spy the Lie is a collection of professional tips on how to more accurately detect when someone is lying to you through a combination of verbal and non-verbal cues.
486	1-Sentence-Summary: Start Something That Matters encourages you to overcome your fear of the unknown and create a business that not only makes money but also helps people, even if you have few resources to start with. 
487	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊tart shows you how you can flip the switch of your life from average to awesome by punching fear in the face, being realistic, living with purpose and going through the five stages of success, one step at a time.
488	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊tart-Up Nation explains how a tiny, controversial, politically isolated country like Israel manages to be one of the world閳ユ獨 creative hubs with more startups, venture capital and new technology than entire continents.
489	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊tart With Why is Simon Sinek閳ユ獨 mission to help others do work, which inspires them, and uses real-world examples of great leaders to show you how they communicate and how you can adapt their mindset to inspire others yourself.
490	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊tartup Growth Engines shows you the strategies and tactics startups like Uber, Facebook and Yelp have used to achieve phenomenal growth in short time periods, and how you can use them to solve a big problem on a grand scale.
491	1-Sentence-Summary: Status Anxiety identifies the ways that your desire to be seen as someone successful makes you mentally unhealthy and also shows ways that you can combat the disease of trying to climb the never-ending social ladder.
492	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊teal Like An Artist gives you permission to copy your heroes閳?work and use it as a springboard to find your own, unique style, all while remembering to have fun, creating the right work environment for your art and letting neither criticism nor praise drive you off track.
493	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊teve Jobs is the most detailed and accurate account of the life of the man who created Apple, the most valuable technology company in the world.
494	1-Sentence-Summary: Stillness Is The Key gives you the tools to harness the power of slowing down your body and mind for less distractions, better self-control, and above all, a happier and more peaceful life.
495	1-Sentence-Summary: Storyworthy shows you how to tell a narrative that will impact others by outlining how to engage your audience throughout the start, end, and everything in between.
496	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊trengthsfinder 2.0 argues that we should forget about fixing our weaknesses, and go all in on our strengths instead, by showing you ways to figure out which 5 key strengths are an innate part of you and giving you advice on how to use them in your life and work.
497	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊tumbling On Happiness examines the capacity of our brains to fill in gaps and simulate experiences, shows how our lack of awareness of these powers sometimes leads us to wrong decisions, and how we can change our behavior to synthesize our own happiness.
498	1-Sentence-Summary: Success Through A Positive Mental Attitude is a classic self-improvement book that will boost your happiness and give you the life of your dreams by identifying what Napoleon Hill learned interviewing hundreds of successful people and sharing how their outlook on life helped them get to the top.
499	1-Sentence-Summary: Suggestible You helps you understand and utilize the power of your mind-body connection by explaining the effect that your thoughts have on your body, including pain, illness, and memory and how to take advantage of it.
500	1-Sentence-Summary: Super Attractor will help you become happier, find your purpose, overcome your fears, and begin living the life you閳ユ獫e always wanted by identifying the steps you need to take to connect with a higher spiritual power.
501	1-Sentence-Summary: Super Brain explores the idea that through increased self-awareness and conscious intention we can teach our brain to perform at a higher level than we thought possible.
502	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊uperBetter not only breaks down the science behind games and how they help us become physically, emotionally, mentally and socially stronger, but also gives you a 7-step system you can use to turn your own life into a game, have more fun than ever before and overcome your biggest challenges.
503	1-Sentence-Summary: Superfreakonomics reveals how you can find non-obvious solutions to tricky problems by focusing on raw, hard data and thinking like an economist, which will鑱絞et you鑱絚loser to the truth than everyone else.
504	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊uperintelligence asks what will happen once we manage to build computers that are smarter than us, including what we need to do, how it閳ユ獨 going to work, and why it has to be done the exact right way to make sure the human race doesn閳ユ獩 go extinct.
505	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絊witch is about how you can lead and encourage changes of human behavior, both in yourself and in your organization, by focusing on the three forces that influence it: the rider, the elephant and the path.
506	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋alent Is Overrated debunks both talent and experience as the determining factors and instead makes a case for deliberate practice, intrinsic motivation and starting early.
507	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋alk Like TED has analyzed over 500 of the most popular TED talks to help you integrate the three most common features of them, novelty, emotions, and being memorable, into your own presentations and make you a better speaker.
508	1-Sentence-Summary: Talking To Strangers helps you better understand and accurately judge the people you don閳ユ獩 know while staying patient and tolerant with others.
509	1-Sentence-Summary: Team Of Rivals鑱絜xplains why Abraham Lincoln rose above his political rivals despite their stronger reputations and how he used empathy to unite not just his enemies, but an entire country.
510	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋ED Talks is an instruction manual to become a great public speaker and deliver talks that are unforgettable, based on over 15 years worth of experience of the head of TED, the most popular speaking platform in the world.
511	1-Sentence-Summary: Tell Me More will help you make everything, even the worst of times, go more smoothly by learning about a few useful phrases to habitually use come rain or shine.
512	1-Sentence-Summary: Thank You For Being Late helps you slow down and take life at a more reasonable pace by explaining the state of our rapidly changing environment, economy, and technology.
513	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he $100 Startup shows you how to break free from the shackles of 9 to 5 by combining your passion and skills into your own microbusiness, which you can start for $100 or less, yet still turn into a full time income, thanks to the power of the internet.
514	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 10X Rule breaks down the anatomy of extraordinary success by first pointing out what閳ユ獨 wrong with shooting for average, why you should for ten times more when tackling your goals and how to back up your new, bold targets with the right actions.
515	1-Sentence-Summary: The 12 Week Year will teach you how to reliably hit your goals by planning in 12-week cycles instead of following our typical 12-month routine.
516	1-Sentence-Summary: The 15 Invaluable Laws Of Growth will inspire you to get up and improve your life by showing you how change only happens when we actively nurture it and identifying the steps and strategies to thrive in your career and life.
517	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 21 Irrefutable Laws Of Leadership shows you that leadership is learned not inherited and that you can become a leader too, if you internalize some of the universal principles at play in any leader-follower-relationship.
518	1-Sentence-Summary: The 22 Immutable Laws Of Marketing is an absolute marketing classic, outlining 22 rules by which companies function, and, depending on how much鑱統ou adhere to them, will determine the success or failure of your products and ultimately, your company.
519	1-Sentence-Summary: The 4 Day Week will help you improve your personal productivity and that of everyone around you by outlining a powerful technique to reduce the workweek by one day and implement other changes to help employees be healthier, happier, and more focused.
520	1-Sentence-Summary: The 4 Disciplines Of Execution outlines the path that company leaders and individuals must follow to set the right goals and improve behavior to achieve success on a bigger, long-term scale.
521	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 4-Hour Body鑱絠s a complete guide to hacking your health, helping you achieve anything from rapid fat loss and quick muscle gain to better sleep, sex, and extreme athletic performance.
522	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 4-Hour Workweek is the step-by-step blueprint to free yourself from the shackles of a corporate job, create a business to fund the lifestyle of your dreams, and live life like a millionaire, without actually having to be one.
523	1-Sentence-Summary: The 4 Pillar Plan is your guide to the right diet, exercise, relaxation, and sleep decisions that will improve your health dramatically.
524	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 48 Laws Of Power draws on many of history閳ユ獨 most famous power quarrels to show鑱統ou what power looks like, how you can get it, what to do to defend yourself against the power of others and, most importantly, how to use it well and keep it.
525	1-Sentence-Summary: The 5 AM Club helps you get up at 5 AM every morning, build a morning routine, and make time for the self-improvement you need to find success.
526	1-Sentence-Summary: The 5 Levels Of Leadership will teach you how to lead others with lasting influence by focusing on your people instead of your position.
527	1-Sentence-Summary: The 5 Love Languages shows couples how to make their love last by learning to recognize the unique way their partner feels love.
528	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 5 Second Rule is a simple tool that undercuts most of the psychological weapons your brain employs to keep you from taking action, which will allow you to procrastinate less, live happier and reach your goals.
529	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 7 Habits Of Highly Effective People teaches you both personal and professional effectiveness by鑱絚hanging your view of how the world works and giving you 7 habits, which, if adopted well, will lead you to immense success.
530	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 80/20 Principle reveals how you can boost your effectiveness both in your own life and for your business by getting you in the mindset that not all inputs produce an equal amount of outputs and helping you embrace the Pareto principle.
531	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he 8th Habit is about finding your voice and helping others discover their own, in order to thrive at work in the Information Age, where interdependence is more important than independence.
532	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Achievement Habit shows you that being an achiever can be learned, by using the principles of design thinking to walk you through several stories and exercises, which will get you to stop wishing and start doing.
533	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he ADHD Advantage sheds light on one of the most falsely assessed health conditions of the 21st century, by explaining how ADHD is overdiagnosed, overmedicated and why people with ADHD should embrace it as a means of success.
534	1-Sentence-Summary: The Advice Trap helps you accelerate your communication skills and makes you more likable by explaining why defaulting to giving your opinion on how to solve other people閳ユ獨 problems is so terrible and how to listen better to their actual needs so you can make a positive difference.
535	1-Sentence-Summary: The Age of Empathy explains that empathy comes natural to humans, as it does to most other animals, and that we閳ユ獧e not wired to be selfish and violent, but kind and cooperative.
536	1-Sentence-Summary: The Algebra of Happiness outlines the variables in the equation for happiness and how to build them in your life.
537	1-Sentence-Summary: The Anatomy Of Peace will help you make your life and the world more calm by explaining the inefficiencies in our go-to pattern of using conflict to resolve differences and giving specific tips for how to use understanding to settle issues.
538	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Antidote will explain everything that閳ユ獨 wrong with positivity-based self-help advice and what you should do instead to feel, live, and be happier. 
539	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of Asking teaches you to finally accept the help of others, stop trying to do everything on your own, and show you how you can build a closely knit family of friends and supporters by being honest, generous and not afraid to ask.
540	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of Choosing extensively covers the scientific research made about human decision making, showing you what affects how you make choices, how the consequences of those choices affect you, as well as how you can adapt to these circumstances to make better decisions in the future.
541	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of Happiness is the result of a psychiatrist interviewing the Dalai Lama on how he personally achieved inner peace, calmness, and happiness.
542	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of Learning explains the science of becoming a top performer, based on Josh Waitzkin閳ユ獨 personal rise to the top of the chess and Tai Chi world, by showing you the right mindset, proper ways to practice and how to build the habits of a professional.
543	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art of Non-Conformity teaches you how to play life by your own rules by giving you practical glimpses into the world of self-employment, a new approach to travel, to-do list minimalism and conscious spending habits.
544	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of Seduction is a template for persuading anyone, whether it閳ユ獨 a business contact, a political adversary, or a love interest, to鑱絘ct in your best interest.
545	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of Social Media is a compendium of over 100 practical tips to treat your social media presence like a business and use a bottom-up approach to get the attention your brand, product or business deserves.
546	1-Sentence-Summary: The Art Of The Start is your guide to beginning a company and explains everything from getting the right people on board to writing a winning business plan and building your brand.
547	1-Sentence-Summary: The Art of Thinking Clearly is a full compendium of the psychological biases that once helped us survive but now only hinder us from living our best life.
548	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of Travel is a modern, philosophic take on the joys of going away, exploring why we do so in the first place and how we can avoid falling into today閳ユ獨 most common tourist traps.
549	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of War has been considered the definitive text on military strategy and warfare ever since being written in ancient China around 500 BC, inspiring businesses, athletes, and of course generals to beat their opponents and competition the right way until today.
550	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Art Of Work is the instruction manual to find your vocation by looking into your passions, connecting them to the needs of the world, and thus building a legacy that閳ユ獨 bigger than yourself.
551	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Artist閳ユ獨 Way is an all-time, self-help classic, helping you to reignite鑱統our inner artist, recover your creativity and let the divine energy flow through you as you create your art.
552	"1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Audacity Of Hope explains Barack Obama閳ユ獨 personal, political and spiritual beliefs, on which he based his 2008 presidential election campaign, which made him the first African-American president of the United States of America.
"
553	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Autobiography Of Malcolm X chronicles鑱絫he life and work of one of the most influential members of the civil rights movement in the United States.
554	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Automatic Millionaire is an actionable, step-by-step plan for building wealth without being disciplined by relying on fixed percentages, small payments, and automated transactions.
555	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Barefoot Investor鑱絠s an Australian farm boy閳ユ獨 no-BS guide to taking charge of your personal finances with a simple system focused on eliminating debt, living in the now, and still retiring in peace.
556	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Better Angels Of Our Nature illustrates why we live in the most peaceful time ever in history, by looking at what motivates us to behave violently, how these motivators are outweighed by our tendencies towards a peaceful life and which major shifts in history caused this global reduction in crime.
557	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Big Leap is about changing your overall perspective, so you can embrace a philosophy that閳ユ獟l help you achieve your full potential in work, relationships, finance, and all other walks of life.
558	1-Sentence-Summary: The Biology of Belief is an overview of the recent findings in cellular biology, which are redefining the way we look at evolution, genetics and the nature of life.
559	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Black Swan explains why we are so bad at predicting the future, and how unlikely events dramatically change our lives if they do happen, as well as what you can do to become better at expecting the unexpected.
560	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Blue Zones Solution shows you how to adopt the lifestyle and mindset practices of the healthiest, longest-living people on the planet from the five locations with the highest population of centenarians.
561	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Blue Zones gives you advice on how to live to be 100 years and older by looking at five spots across the planet, where people live the longest, and drawing lessons about what they eat, drink, how they exercise and which habits most shape their lives.
562	1-Sentence-Summary: The Body Keeps The Score teaches you how to get through the difficulties that arise from your traumatic past by revealing the psychology behind them and revealing some of the techniques therapists use to help victims recover.
563	1-Sentence-Summary: The Body helps you become smarter about how to take care of and use this mechanism that lets you have life by explaining how it閳ユ獨 put together, what happens on the inside, and how it works. 
564	1-Sentence-Summary: The Book Of Joy is the result of a 7-day meeting between the Dalai Lama and Desmond Tutu, two of the world閳ユ獨 most influential spiritual leaders, during which they discussed one of life閳ユ獨 most important questions: how do we find joy despite suffering?
565	1-Sentence-Summary: The Book is a spiritual exploration鑱給f鑱絫rue human nature and our place in the universe that鑱絚hallenges wide-spread鑱絙ut often鑱絤isled beliefs.
566	1-Sentence-Summary: The Book You Wish Your Parents Had Read will help you step back and focus more on the big picture of parenting to foster a strong relationship with your child so they can grow up emotionally and mentally healthy.
567	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Botany Of Desire describes how, contrary to popular belief, we might not be using plants as much as plants use us, by getting humans to ensure their survival, thanks to appealing to our desires for beauty, sweetness, intoxication and control.
568	1-Sentence-Summary: The Box teaches how the drive and imagination of one entrepreneur impacted the world economy and changed the face of global trade with container shipping. 
569	1-Sentence-Summary: The Brain That Changes Itself explores the groundbreaking research in neuroplasticity and shares fascinating stories of people who can use the brain閳ユ獨 ability to adapt and be cured of ailments previously incurable. 
570	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Bulletproof Diet鑱絛escribes a simple high-fat, low-carb diet with intermittent fasting, high-intensity exercise and good sleeping practices to help you lose weight, have more energy and be able to focus better than ever before.
571	1-Sentence-Summary: The Business Romantic shows how doing business that is focused on passion and connection leads to more success in today閳ユ獨 world.
572	1-Sentence-Summary: The Charisma Myth debunks the idea that charisma is a born trait, outlining several tools and exercises you can use to develop a charming social appeal and magnetic personality, even if you閳ユ獧e not extroverted.
573	1-Sentence-Summary: The Checklist Manifesto鑱絜xplains鑱絯hy checklists can鑱絪ave lives and teaches you how to implement them correctly.
574	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Chimp Paradox uses a simple analogy to help you take control of your emotions and act in your own, best interest, whether it閳ユ獨 in making decisions, communicating with others, or your health and happiness.
575	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he China Study examines the effect of animal protein intake on cancer risk and suggests improving your health by focusing on a plant-based diet.
576	1-Sentence-Summary: The Coaching Habit outlines the questions, attitudes, and habits required of managers who want to become great at motivating their team to become self-sustaining.
577	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Code Of The Extraordinary Mind gives you a 10-step framework for success, based on the lives of the world閳ユ獨 most successful people, who the author has spent 200+ hours interviewing.
578	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Compound Effect will show you why big, abrupt changes rarely work and how you can change your life over time with the power of small, daily steps, a routine that builds momentum and the courage to break through your limits when you reach them.
579	1-Sentence-Summary: The Confidence Code empowers women to become more courageous by explaining their natural tendencies toward timidity and how to break them even in a world dominated by men. 
580	1-Sentence-Summary: The Courage Habit helps you unearth your hidden desires for a better life, shows you how fear buried them in the first place, and outlines the path toward overcoming the paralysis that being afraid brings so that you can have everything you閳ユ獫e ever dreamed of.
581	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Courage To Be Disliked is a Japanese analysis of the work of 19th-century psychologist Alfred Adler, who established that happiness lies in the hands of each human individual and does not depend on past traumas.
582	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Creative Habit is a dancer閳ユ獨 blueprint to making creativity a habit, which she閳ユ獨 successfully done for over 50 years in the entertainment industry.
583	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Culture Code examines the dynamics of groups, large and small, formal and informal, to help you understand how great teams work and what you can do to improve your relationships wherever you cooperate with others.
584	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Da Vinci Curse explains why people with many talents don閳ユ獩 fit into a world where we need specialists and, if you have many talents yourself, shows you how you can lift this curse, by giving you a framework to follow and find your true vocation in life.
585	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Desire Map gives your goal-setting mechanism a makeover by showing you that desire, not facts, is what fuels our lives and helps you rely on your feelings to navigate life, instead of giving in to the pressure of the outside world to check the boxes on goals that don閳ユ獩 really matter to you.
586	1-Sentence-Summary: The Dip teaches us that, between starting and succeeding, there閳ユ獨 a time of struggle when we should either pursue excellence or quit strategically while helping us choose between the two.
587	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he E-Myth Revisited explains why 80% of small businesses fail, and how to ensure yours isn閳ユ獩 among those by building a company that閳ユ獨 based on systems and not on the work of a single individual.
588	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Education Of A Value Investor is the story of how Guy Spier turned away from his greedy, morally corrupted investment banking environment and into a true value investor by modeling his work and life after Warren Buffett and his value investing approach.
589	1-Sentence-Summary: The Effective Executive gives leaders a step-by-step formula to become more productive, developing their own strengths and those of their employees.
590	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he End Of Average explains the fundamental flaws with our culture of averages, in which we design everything for the average person, when that person doesn閳ユ獩 exist, and shows how we can embrace our individuality and use it to succeed in a world that wants everyone to be the same.
591	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he End of Jobs explains why, thanks to the advancements of modern technology, being an entrepreneur is now the safest way to meaningful work and financial freedom.
592	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he End Of Stress shows you not only that treating stress as normal is wrong and how it harms your mental and physical health, but also gives you actionable tips and strategies to end stress once and for all so you can live a long, happy, powerful and creative life.
593	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Energy Bus is a fable that will help you create positive energy with ten simple rules and make it the center of your life, work, and relationships.
594	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Eureka Factor lays out the history of so-called 閳ユ竵ha moments閳?and explains what happens in your brain as you have them, where they come from and how you can train yourself to have more flashes of genius.
595	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Everything Store is the closest biographical documentation of the unprecedented rise of Amazon as an online retail store with an almost infinite amount of choice, based on over 300 interviews with current and former Amazon employees and executives, family members of the founder and the hard facts available to the public.
596	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Evolution Of Everything compares creationist to evolutionist thinking, showing how the process of evolution we know from biology underlies and permeates the entire world, including society, morality, religion, culture, economics, money, innovation and even the internet.
597	1-Sentence-Summary: The Execution Factor will show you how to become successful by utilizing the power of vision, passion, action, resilience, and relationships that propelled author Kim Perell from unemployed and broke to a multi-millionaire in just seven years. 
598	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Facebook Effect is the only official account of the history of the world閳ユ獨 largest social network, explaining why it閳ユ獨 so successful and how it閳ユ獨 changed both the world and us.
599	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Fifth Agreement鑱絠s an update and sequel to one of the world閳ユ獨 most popular self-help books, which shines a new light on ancient, Toltec wisdom, to help us master our selves, cultivate deep awareness, and be who we really are.
600	1-Sentence-Summary: The Fifth Discipline shows you how to find joy at work again as an employee and improve your company閳ユ獨 productivity if you閳ユ獧e an employer by outlining the five values you must adopt to turn your workplace into a learning environment.
601	1-Sentence-Summary: The Fine Art Of Small Talk will teach you how to skillfully start, continue, and end conversations with anyone, no matter how shy you think you are.
602	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he First 20 Hours lays out a methodical approach you can use to pick up new skills quickly without worrying about how long it takes to become an expert.
603	1-Sentence-Summary: The Five Dysfunctions of a Team鑱絬ses a fable to explain why even the best teams struggle to work together and offers actionable strategies for them to overcome distrust and office politics to achieve important goals as a cohesive, effective unit.
604	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Fortune Cookie Principle鑱絜xplains why a great product or service isn閳ユ獩 enough, how you can tell a compelling story about your brand and why that閳ユ獨 the most important aspect of running a business today.
605	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Four Agreements draws on the long tradition of the Toltecs, an ancient, indigenous people of Mexico, to show you that we have been domesticated from childhood, how these internal, guiding rules hurt us and what we can do to break and replace them with a new set of agreements with ourselves.
606	1-Sentence-Summary: The Four Steps To The Epiphany shows startups how to plan for and achieve success by giving examples of companies that failed and outlining the path they need to take to flourish.
607	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Four Tendencies鑱絠s a personality profile framework to help you understand how you and the people around you deal with their outer and inner expectations, so you can better manage your life, work and relationships.
608	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Freaks Shall Inherit The Earth is Chris Brogan閳ユ獨 manual to help you do business your way, not care what anyone thinks, own your art and still use media in the best way possible to remain profitable.
609	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Game is like a seat right next to Neil Strauss on his rollercoaster ride through the pickup community, where he gets hooked, successful, lost, wins and fails, until he finds his true self again.
610	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Genius Of Birds shines a new light on a genuinely underrated kind of vertebrate by explaining birds閳?capacities to be social, intelligently solve challenges, learn languages, be artistic and navigate the planet.
611	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Geography Of Genius explains how genius is not an inherited trait bound to individual, but rather happens at the intersection of time and place, by talking you on a tour through some of the historically most creative cities in the world.
612	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Gifts Of Imperfection shows you how to embrace your inner flaws to accept who you are, instead of constantly chasing the image of who you閳ユ獧e trying to be, because other people expect you to act in certain ways.
613	1-Sentence-Summary: The Go-Giver teaches a pattern for becoming a better person and seeing more success in business and work by focusing on being authentic and giving as much value as possible. 
614	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Greatest Salesman In The World is a business classic that will help you become better at sales by becoming a better person all around.
615	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Habit Blueprint strips down behavior change to its very core, giving you the ultimate, research-backed recipe for cultivating the habits you desire, with plenty of backup steps you can take to maximize your chances of success.
616	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Happiness Advantage turns the tables on happiness, by proving it閳ユ獨 a tool for success, instead of the result of it, and gives you 7 actionable principles you can use to鑱絠ncrease both.
617	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Happiness Equation reveals nine scientifically backed secrets to happiness to show you that by wanting nothing and doing anything, you can have everything.
618	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Happiness Hypothesis is the most thorough analysis of how you can find鑱絟appiness in our modern society, backed by plenty of scientific research, real-life examples and even a formula for happiness.
619	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Happiness Of Pursuit is a call to take control of your own life by going on a quest, which will fill your life with meaning, purpose, and a whole lot of adventure.
620	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Happiness Project will show you how to change your life, without actually changing your life, thanks to the findings of modern science, ancient history and popular culture about happiness, which the author tested for a year and now shares with you.
621	1-Sentence-Summary: The Happy Mind shows you what science and experience teach about how to become happier by assuming responsibility for your own well-being.
622	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Hard Thing About Hard Things is鑱絘n inside鑱絣ook at the tough decisions and lonely times all CEOs face, before showing you what it takes to build a great organization and become a world-class leader.
623	1-Sentence-Summary: The Hero Factor teaches by example that real leadership success focuses on people as much as profits.
624	1-Sentence-Summary: The Hidden Life of Trees鑱絛escribes how trees can communicate, support each other, learn from experience, and form alliances with other inhabitants of the forest.
625	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Honest Truth About Dishonesty reveals our motivation behind cheating, why it閳ユ獨 not entirely rational, and, based on many experiments, what we can do to lessen the conflict between wanting to get ahead and being good people.
626	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he House Of Rothschild examines the facts and myth around the wealthiest family in the world in the 19th century, and how they managed to go from being outcast and isolated to building the biggest bank in the world.
627	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Idea Factory explains how one company, Bell Labs, has managed to spearhead innovation in the communications industry for almost 100 years by dedicating themselves to science and research, thus producing a disproportionately big share of the technology that significantly shapes our lives today.
628	1-Sentence-Summary: The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks makes you smarter and more compassionate by revealing the previously unknown story of a woman with extraordinary cells that still live today and have contributed to dozens of medical breakthroughs.
629	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he In-Between is a reminder to slow down and learn to appreciate the little moments in life, like the times when we閳ユ獧e really just waiting for the next big thing, as they shape our lives a lot more than we think.
630	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Inner Game Of Tennis is about the mental state required to deliver peak performance and how you can cultivate that state in sports, work, and life.
631	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Innovator閳ユ獨 Dilemma is a business classic that explains the power of disruption, why market leaders are often set up to fail as technologies and industries change and what incumbents can do to secure their market leadership for a long time.
632	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Innovators walks you through the history of the digital revolution, showing how it was a combined effort of many creative minds over decades, that enabled us to go from huge, clunky machines to the fast, globally connected devices in your pocket today.
633	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Intelligent Investor explains value investing, which is focused on generating steady, long-term profits by ignoring the current market and picking companies with high intrinsic value.
634	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Interpretation Of Dreams is Sigmund Freud閳ユ獨 seminal work on scientifically analyzing the deeper meaning hidden inside each and every one of our human dreams, which will help you make more sense of your own psyche.
635	1-Sentence-Summary: The Introvert閳ユ獨 Complete Career Guide will teach those who have a hard time talking to people how to gain confidence in navigating the workplace from job interview to office relationships.
636	1-Sentence-Summary: The Joy Of Movement is just what you need to finally find the motivation to get out and exercise more often by teaching you the scientific reasons why it閳ユ獨 good for you and why your body is designed to enjoy it.
637	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Language Instinct argues that we are born with an innate capability to understand languages, that most of them are more similar than you might think and explains where our capability to deal with words so well comes from.
638	1-Sentence-Summary: The Latte Factor teaches us how to overcome limiting beliefs about money and build our financial freedom through small daily choices.鑱?
639	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Laws Of Human Nature helps you understand why people do what they do and how you can use both your own psychological flaws and those of others to your advantage at work, in relationships, and in life.
640	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Lean Startup offers both entrepreneurs and wantrepreneurs a semi-scientific, real-world approach to building a business by using validation, finding a profitable business model and creating a growth engine.
641	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Lessons Of History describes recurring themes and trends throughout 5,000 years of human history, viewed through the lenses of 12 different fields, aimed at explaining the present, the future, human nature and the inner workings of states.
642	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Life-Changing Magic Of Not Giving A F*ck is a funny, practical guide to mental decluttering, giving you actionable tips to stop caring about things that don閳ユ獩 really matter to you, without feeling ashamed or guilty.
643	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Life-Changing Magic Of Tidying Up takes you through the process of simplifying, organizing and storing your belongings step by step, to make your home a place of peace and clarity.
644	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Little Book of Common Sense Investing shows you an alternative to actively, poorly managed, overpaid funds by introducing you to low-cost, passive index funds as a sustainable investing strategy, which gets you the retirement savings you need without the usual hassle of stock investing.
645	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Little Book Of Hygge is about the hard-to-describe, yet powerful Danish attitude towards life, which consistently鑱絩anks Denmark among鑱絫he happiest countries in the world and how you can cultivate it for yourself.
646	1-Sentence-Summary: The Little Book of Lykke gives Danish-derived and science-backed tips that will help you be happier.
647	1-Sentence-Summary: The Little Book That (Still) Beats The Market is a step-by-step tutorial to implement a simple, mathematical formula when buying stocks which guarantees long-term profits.
648	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Long Tail explains why the big commercial hit is dead, how businesses can and will generate most of their future revenue from a long tail of niche products, which serve even the rarest customer needs, and what you can do to embrace this idea today.
649	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Longevity Project shows you how you can live longer by analyzing the results from one of the world閳ユ獨 longest-lasting studies and drawing鑱絪urprising鑱絚onclusions about the work ethic, happiness, love, marriage and religion of people who have lived to old age.
650	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Magic of Math shows you not only the power, but also the beauty of mathematics, unlike you閳ユ獫e ever seen it in school and with practical, real-world applications.
651	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Magic Of Reality explains many of the world閳ユ獨 natural phenomenons in a scientific way, so that you can understand how the elementary components of our planet work together to logically, yet beautifully, create the place we all call home.
652	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Magic of Thinking Big gives you several starting points to develop and strengthen the most important trait of successful people: believing in yourself.
653	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Man Who Fed The World鑱絠s the biography鑱給f Dr. Norman Borlaug, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and鑱経S national hero, who saved over a billion lives by dedicating his own to ending world hunger and leading the green revolution, which helped get agriculture to a鑱絧oint where it can feed the world.
654	1-Sentence-Summary: The Man Who Solved The Market shares the interesting story of Jim Simons閳ユ獨 rise to wealth and success that came from him tapping into his math genius to make incredible gains in stock market investments.
655	1-Sentence-Summary: The Messy Middle challenges the notion that projects grow slowly and smoothly toward success by outlining the rocky but important intermediate stages of any journey and how to survive them.
656	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Millionaire Fastlane points out what閳ユ獨 wrong with the old get a degree, get a job, work hard, retire rich model, defines wealth in a new way, and shows you the path to retiring young.
657	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Millionaire Next Door shows you the simple spending and saving habits that lead to more cash in the bank than most people earn in their life while helping you avoid critical mistakes on your way to financial independence.
658	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Millionaire Real Estate Agent is about how you can systematically build a thriving real estate business, drawing lessons both about the professional as well as the personal side of things.
659	1-Sentence-Summary: The Miracle Equation is a simple, step-by-step process to make achieving your goals inevitable by bridging the gap between knowing and doing.
660	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Miracle Morning makes it clear that in order to become successful,鑱統ou have to dedicate time to personal development each day, and then gives you a 6-step morning routine to create and shape that time.
661	1-Sentence-Summary: The Miracle of Mindfulness teaches the ancient Buddhist practice of mindfulness and how living in the present will make you happier.
662	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Monk Who Sold His Ferrari is a self-help classic telling the story of fictional lawyer Julian Mantle, who sold his mansion and Ferrari to study the seven virtues of the Sages of Sivana in the Himalayan mountains.
663	1-Sentence-Summary: The Moral Animal introduces you to the fascinating world of evolutionary psychology and uncovers the genetic strategies that explain why we do everything we do. 
664	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he More Of Less teaches you how to declutter your time, mental capacities, and spaces to give more attention to the people and experiences that matter most.
665	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Myth Of Multitasking explains why doing everything at once is neither efficient, nor even possible, and gives you practical steps for more focus in the workplace.
666	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he New Trading For A Living teaches you a calm approach to stock trading, by equipping you with the basic tools of chart analysis, risk-minimizing rules and showing you which amateur mistakes to avoid when getting started as a stock trader.
667	1-Sentence-Summary: The Next Right Thing is your guide for making wise, thoughtful, and intentional decisions simply by looking for the single best action to take at the moment.
668	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Now Habit is a strategic program to help you eliminate procrastination from your life, bring fun and motivation back to your work and enjoy your well-earned spare time without feeling guilty.
669	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Obstacle Is The Way is a modern take on the ancient philosophy of Stoicism, which helps you endure the struggles of life with grace and resilience by drawing lessons from ancient heroes, former presidents, modern actors, athletes, and how they turned adversity into success, thanks to the power of perception, action and will.
670	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Omnivore閳ユ獨 Dilemma explains the paradox of food choices we face today, how the industrial revolution changed the way we eat and see food today and which food choices are the most ethical, sustainable and environmentally friendly.
671	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he One Minute Manager gives managers three simple tools, which each take 60 seconds or less, but can tremendously improve how they do their job: getting people to stay motivated, happy and deliver great work.
672	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he One-Page Financial Plan is a refreshing, fun look at personal finance, that takes away the feeling that financial planning is a burden for the less disciplined, and shows you that you can plan your entire financial future on a single page.
673	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he ONE Thing gives you a very simple approach to productivity, based around a single question, to help you have less clutter, distractions and stress, and more focus, energy and success.
674	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Opposite Of Spoiled shows you how to raise financially conscious children, who learn the value of money early on by leading an open dialogue about money, giving them responsibility and teaching them patience.
675	1-Sentence-Summary: The Order Of Time expands your mind by shattering your commonly held beliefs about time, identifying how the way society views it is merely a construct of the mind and its actual characteristics are a lot more interesting than we all think.
676	1-Sentence-Summary: The Organized Mind will show you how to adapt your mind to our modern information culture so鑱?you can work efficiently without feeling exhausted.
677	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Paradox Of Choice shows you how today閳ユ獨 vast amount of choice makes you frustrated, less likely to choose, more likely to mess up, and less happy overall, before giving you concrete strategies and tips to ease the burden of decision-making.
678	1-Sentence-Summary: The Passion Paradox explains the risks of blindly following what we love to do the most and teaches us how to find a cultivate our passions in a way that can lead us to a fulfilling life.鑱?"['Business'
679	1-Sentence-Summary: The Path Made Clear contains Oprah Winfrey閳ユ獨 tips for how to discover your real purpose so you can live a life of success and significance.
680	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Personal MBA will save you a few hundred grand by outlining everything you really need to know to get started on a thriving business, none of which is taught in expensive colleges.
681	1-Sentence-Summary: The Personality Brokers uncovers the true, yet un-scientific origins of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator personality test.
682	1-Sentence-Summary: The Plant Paradox helps you make better food decisions and eat healthier by arguing that some plant foods that we think are healthy can actually be harming us and making it harder to lose weight. 
683	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Pomodoro Technique is the simplest way to productively manage your time with only two lists and a timer, by breaking down your workload into small, manageable chunks to stay fresh and focused throughout your day.
684	1-Sentence-Summary: The Power Of Bad gives some excellent tips on how to become happier by identifying your tendency toward negativity and what psychology and research have to show you about how to beat it.
685	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of Broke shows you how to leverage having no money into an advantage in business by compensating it with creativity, passion and authenticity.
686	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of Full Engagement teaches you how to manage the only thing worth managing 閳?your energy 閳?by telling you how to properly maintain your four kinds of energy, live a life of 鑱絧urpose and accept your limitations.
687	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of Habit helps you understand why鑱絟abits are at the core of everything you鑱絛o, how you can change them, and what impact that will have on your life, your business and society.
688	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of Less shows you how to align your life with your most important goals, by finding out what閳ユ獨 really essential, changing your habits one at a time and working focused and productively on only those projects that will lead you to where you really want to go.
689	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of No is an encompassing instruction manual for you to harness the power of this little word to get healthy, rid yourself of bad relationships, embrace abundance and ultimately say yes to yourself.
690	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power of Now shows you that every minute you spend worrying about the future or regretting the past is a minute lost, because really all you have to live in is the present, the now, and gives you actionable strategies to start living every minute as it occurs.
691	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of Positive Thinking will show you that the roots of success lie in the mind and teach you how to believe in yourself, break the habit of worrying, and take control of your life by taking control of your thoughts and changing your attitude.
692	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of Starting Something Stupid shows you that most ideas are often falsely labeled stupid at first, and that if they are, that閳ユ獨 a good indicator you should pursue them and not care what anyone thinks.
693	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of The Other shows you the surprisingly big influence other people have on your life, what different kinds of relationships you have with them and how you can cultivate more good ones to replace the bad, fake or unconnected and鑱絣ive a more fulfilled life.
694	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Power Of Your Subconscious Mind is a spiritual self-help classic, which teaches you how to use visualization and other suggestion techniques to adapt your unconscious behavior in positive ways.
695	1-Sentence-Summary: The Power Paradox frames the concept of power in an inspiring new narrative, which can help us create better and more equal relationships, workplaces, and societies.
696	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Practicing Mind shows you how to cultivate鑱絧atience, focus, and discipline for working towards your biggest goals, by鑱絞oing back to the basic principles of practice, embracing a child-like trial-and-error attitude again and thus make working hard towards mastery a fulfilling process in itself.
697	1-Sentence-Summary: The Pragmatist閳ユ獨 Guide To Relationships is an extensive, practical guide to finding a companion, be it for marriage, dating, or sex and building a healthy, happy life with them.
698	1-Sentence-Summary: The Presence Process is an actionable 10-week program to become more present and consciously respond to situations based on breathing practice, insightful text, and observing your day-to-day experience.
699	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Prince is a 16th century political treatise, famous for condoning, even encouraging evil behavior amongst political rulers, in order for them to stay in power.
700	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Productivity Project recounts the lessons Chris Bailey learned over the course of a year running various productivity experiments to help you get more done in all areas of your life.
701	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Promise Of A Pencil narrates the story of how Adam Braun, well-bred, average college kid, working at Bain & Company, shook off what society expected of him and created a life of significance and success by starting his own charity, which now has built hundreds of schools for children in need.
702	1-Sentence-Summary: The Psychology Of Selling motivates you to work on your self-image and how you relate to customers so that you can close more deals.
703	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Psychology of Winning teaches you the 10 qualities of winners, which set them apart and help them win in every sphere of life: personally, professionally and spiritually.
704	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Rebel Rules shows you how you can run a business by being yourself, relying on your vision, instinct, passion and agility to call the shots, stay innovative and maneuver your business like a startup, even if it閳ユ獨 long outgrown its baby pants.
705	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Republic is one of the most important works about philosophy and politics in history, written by Plato, one of Socrates students in ancient Greece, as a dialogue about justice and political systems.
706	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Richest Man In Babylon gives common sense financial advice which you can apply today, told through tales and parables from the times of ancient Babylon.
707	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Rise Of Superman decodes the science of ultimate, human performance by examining how top athletes enter and stay in a state of flow, while achieving their greatest feats, and how you can do the same.
708	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Rise explains the integral role of failure in all creative endeavors and provides examples of great thinkers who thrived because they viewed failure as a necessary part of their journey towards mastery.
709	1-Sentence-Summary: The Road Back To You will teach you more about what kind of person you are by identifying the pros and cons of each personality type within the Enneagram test.
710	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Road Less Traveled鑱絠s a spiritual classic, combining scientific and religious views to help you grow by confronting and solving your problems through discipline, love and grace.
711	1-Sentence-Summary: The Road to Character explains why today閳ユ獨 ever-increasing obsession with the self is eclipsing moral virtues and our ability to build character, and how that gets in the way of our happiness.
712	1-Sentence-Summary: The Road To Serfdom helps you keep your freedoms and individuality by taking a stand against socialism, identifying its risks to turn into totalitarianism, and why this was especially important after WWII.
713	1-Sentence-Summary: The Ruthless Elimination Of Hurry will teach you how to slow down, relax, and live a simpler life to become happier and improve your wellbeing.
714	1-Sentence-Summary: The Science of Getting Rich gives you permission to embrace your natural desire for wealth and explains why riches lead to a prosperous and abundant life in mind, body, and soul.
715	1-Sentence-Summary: The Second Mountain argues that the key to living a meaningful, fulfilling, and happy life is not found in the pursuit of self-improvement but instead a life of service to others.
716	1-Sentence-Summary: The Secret Life of Pronouns is a collection of research and case studies explaining what our use of pronouns, articles, and other style words can reveal about ourselves.
717	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Secret explains how the law of attraction governs your thinking and actions, and how you can use it to achieve whatever you desire in life.
718	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Self-Made Billionaire Effect looks at the five dualities billionaires characteristically exhibit, which put them in a different category than most employees, but allow them to have a vision large enough to reach the number of people they need to make their business a billion dollar enterprise.
719	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Selfish Gene explains the process of evolution in biology using genes as its basic unit, showing how they manifest in the form of organisms, what they do to ensure their own survival, how they program our brains, which strategies have worked best throughout history and what makes humans so special in this context.
720	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Seven Spiritual Laws Of Success brings together the spiritual calmness and mindful behavior of Eastern religions with Western striving for achieving internal and external success, showing you seven specific ways to let both come to you.
721	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Signal And The Noise explains why so many predictions end up being wrong, and how statisticians, politicians and meteorologists fall鑱絧rey to masses of data, when finding鑱絠mportant signals is mostly a matter of being cautious, diligent and, most importantly, human.
722	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Singularity Is Near outlines the future of technology by describing how change keeps accelerating, what computers will look like and be made of, why biology and technology will become indistinguishable and how we can閳ユ獩 possibly predict what閳ユ獟l happen after 2045.
723	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Six Pillars Of Self-Esteem is the definitive piece on one of the most important psychological traits we need to live a happy life, and lays out how you can introduce six practices into your life, to assert your right to be happy and live a fulfilling life.
724	1-Sentence-Summary: The Sixth Extinction summarizes how human activity has contributed to the mass extinction of species and points out ways to mitigate our biggest environmental problems.
725	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Sleep Revolution paints a grim picture of Western sleep culture, but not without extending a hand to school kids, students, professionals and CEOs alike by offering genuine advice on how to stop wearing sleep deprivation as a badge of honor and finally get a good night閳ユ獨 sleep.
726	1-Sentence-Summary: The Sleep Solution improves your quality of life by identifying the myths surrounding rest that keep you from getting more of it, showing you why they閳ユ獧e false, and teaching you how to establish proper sleep hygiene. 
727	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Snowball is the only authorized biography of Warren Buffett, the 閳ユ伐racle of Omaha,閳?legendary value investor and once richest man on earth, detailing his life from the very humble beginnings all the way to his unfathomable鑱絪uccess.
728	1-Sentence-Summary: The Social Animal weaves social science research into the story of a fictional couple to shed light on the decision-making power of our unconscious minds.
729	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Speed Of Trust not only explains the economics of trust, but also shows you how to cultivate great trust in yourself, your relationships, and the three kinds of stakeholders you閳ユ獟l deal with when you閳ユ獧e running a company.
730	1-Sentence-Summary: The Sports Gene is a look at how genes affect our abilities, motivations, and endurance in sports, explaining why some people are better suited for certain sports than others.
731	1-Sentence-Summary: The Start-Up of You explains why you need manage your career as if you were running a start-up to get ahead in today閳ユ獨 ultra-competitive and ever-changing business world. 
732	1-Sentence-Summary: The Storytelling Edge will boost your communication and persuasiveness skills by showing you how to tell powerful narratives in a convincing way and giving examples of why you should.
733	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Subtle Art Of Not Giving A F*ck does away with the positive psychology craze to instead give you a Stoic, no bullshit approach to living a life that might not always be happy, but meaningful and centered only around what閳ユ獨 important to you.
734	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Success Principles condenses 64 lessons Jack Canfield learned on his journey to becoming a successful entrepreneur, author, coach and speaker into 6 sections, which will help you transform your mindset and take responsibility and control of your own life, so you can get from where you are to where you want to be.
735	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Sunflower recounts an experience of holocaust survivor Simon Wiesenthal, in which he had to make a tough choice about whether to forgive or not, and explores over 50 different perspectives on forgiveness from people with various religious, cultural and ethnic鑱絙ackgrounds.
736	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Talent Code cracks open the myth of talent and breaks it down from a neurological standpoint into three crucial parts, which anyone can pull together to become a world-class performer, artist, or athlete and form something they used to believe was not even within their own hands.
737	1-Sentence-Summary: The Tao of Physics questions many biases about Western science and Eastern spirituality, showing the close connections between the principles of physics and those of Buddhism, Hinduism, and Taoism.
738	1-Sentence-Summary: The Tao Te Ching helps us understand the principles of Taoism, which is an ancient school of philosophy that is still applicable today.
739	1-Sentence-Summary: The Telomere Effect shows you how to live healthier and stay younger longer by identifying an important part of your physiology that you might have never heard of and teaching you how to take great care of it.
740	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Thank You Economy announces the return of small town courtesy to the world of business, thanks to social media, and shows you why business must not neglect nurturing its one-on-one relationships with customers through the new channels online, to thrive in the modern world.
741	1-Sentence-Summary: The Third Door follows an 18-year-old閳ユ獨 wild quest of interviewing many of the world閳ユ獨 most successful people to discover what it takes to get to the top.
742	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Third Wave lays out the history of the internet and how it閳ユ獨 about to permeate everything in our lives, as well as what it takes for entrepreneurs to make use of this mega-trend and thrive in an omni-connected, always-online world.
743	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Tipping Point explains how ideas spread like epidemics and which few elements need to come together to help an idea reach the point of critical mass, where its viral effect becomes unstoppable.
744	1-Sentence-Summary: The Total Money Makeover shows you how to stop accepting debt as normal, eliminate it forever in small increments, and build the financial future you deserve in seven steps.
745	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Truth sees Neil Strauss draw lessons about monogamy, love and relationships learned from depression, sex addiction treatment, swinger parties and science labs, in the decade after becoming one of the world閳ユ獨 most notorious pick-up artists and desired single men on the planet.
746	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Ultimate Sales Machine is the legacy Chet Holmes left to help sales staff all over the world, by giving them 12 key strategies to relentlessly focus and execute on, in order to at least double their sales.
747	1-Sentence-Summary: The Unexpected Joy Of Being Sober will help you have a happier and healthier life by persuasively revealing the many disadvantages of alcohol and the benefits of going without it permanently. 
748	1-Sentence-Summary: The Uninhabitable Earth explains how humanity閳ユ獨 complacency and negligence have put this world on a course to soon be unlivable unless we each do our small part to improve how we care for this beautiful planet we live on.
749	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Untethered Soul describes how you can untie your self from your ego, harness your inner energy, expand beyond yourself and float through the river of life instead of blocking or fighting it.
750	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Upside Of Irrationality鑱絪hows you the many ways in which you act irrational, while thinking what you閳ユ獧e doing makes perfect sense, and how this irrational behavior can actually be beneficial, as long as you use it the right way.
751	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Upside Of Stress helps you change your mindset from one that avoids anxiety at all costs to a belief that embraces stress as a normal part of life, which helps you respond to it in better ways and actually be healthier.
752	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Upside Of Your Dark Side takes a look at our darkest emotions, like anxiety or anger, and shows you there are real benefits that follow鑱絫hem and their underlying character traits, such as narcissism or psychopathy.
753	1-Sentence-Summary: The Varieties Of Religious Experience will show you that spirituality isn閳ユ獩 limited to church and that you too can benefit from trying a variety of religious practices, even if you identify with no religion in particular.
754	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he War Of Art brings some much needed tough love to all artists, business people and creatives who spend more time battling the resistance against work than actually working, by identifying the procrastinating forces at play and pulling out the rug from under their feet.
755	1-Sentence-Summary: The Way Of Zen is the ultimate guide to understanding the history, principles, and benefits of Zen and how it can help us experience mental stillness and enjoy life even in uncertain times.
756	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Willpower Instinct breaks down willpower into 3 categories, and gives you science-backed systems to improve your self-control, break bad habits and choose long-term goals over instant gratification.
757	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Wisdom Of Crowds researches why groups reach better decisions than individuals, what makes groups smart, where the dangers of group decisions lie, and how each of us can encourage the groups we are part of to work together.
758	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Wisdom Of Insecurity is a self-help classic that breaks down our psychological need for stability and explains how it閳ユ獨 led us right into consumerism, why that won閳ユ獩 solve our problem and how we can really calm our anxiety.
759	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Wisdom Of Life is an essay from Arthur Schopenhauer閳ユ獨 last published work, which breaks down happiness into three parts and explains how we can achieve it.
760	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he World According To Star Wars Summary examines not only the unrivaled popularity of this epic franchise, but also what we can learn from it about the real world about politics, law, economics and even ourselves.
761	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he World Without Us imagines planet earth without us humans, detailing what will happen to nature and man-made creations long after we閳ユ獧e gone.
762	1-Sentence-Summary: The Worry-Free Mind helps free you of the shackles of all types of anxieties by identifying where they come from and what steps you need to take to regain control of your thinking patterns and become mentally healthy again.
763	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋he Year Without Pants dives into the company culture of Automattic, the company behind WordPress.com and explains how they閳ユ獫e created a culture of work where employees thrive, creativity flows freely and new ideas are implemented on a daily basis.
764	1-Sentence-Summary: The Yes Brain offers parenting techniques that will give your kids an open attitude towards life, balance, resilience, insight, and empathy.
765	1-Sentence-Summary: Theory U helps leaders act based on the future, not the past, and allows them to create organizational change at a global level through creative and agile methodologies. 
766	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋hings A Little Bird Told Me is Twitter co-founder Biz Stone閳ユ獨 look back at the years of his life during and before Twitter, from which he draws many lessons about business, life and society.
767	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋hink And Grow Rich is a curation of the 13 most common habits of wealthy and successful people, distilled from studying over 500 individuals over the course of 20 years.
768	1-Sentence-Summary: Think Like A Freak teaches you how to reject conventional wisdom as often as possible, ask the right questions about everything and come up with your own, statistically validated answers, instead of relying on other peoples閳?opinions or common sense.
769	1-Sentence-Summary: Think Small gives the science-backed secrets to following through with your goals, identifying seven key components that will help you use your own human nature to your advantage for wild success like you閳ユ獫e never had before.
770	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋hinking Fast And Slow shows you how two systems in your brain are constantly鑱絝ighting over control of your behavior and actions, and teaches you the many ways in which this leads to errors in memory, judgment and decisions, and what you can do about it.
771	1-Sentence-Summary: This Is Marketing argues that marketing success in today閳ユ獨 world comes from focusing more on the needs, values, and desires of our target audience, rather than spamming as many people as possible with our message.
772	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋his Is Your Brain On Music explains where music historically comes from, what it triggers in our brain, how we develop our tastes and why it閳ユ獨 a crucial part of our lives, along with what makes great musicians great.
773	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋hou Shall Prosper examines the tried and true principles of age-old, Jewish tradition for creating a life of wealth, prosperity and integrity, and combines them with鑱絜xamples from the modern world of business, to help you live a successful life.
774	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋hrive shines a light on the missing ingredient in our perception of success, which includes well-being, wonder, wisdom and giving, and goes beyond just money and power, which often drive people right into burnout, terrible health and unhappiness.
775	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋hrough The Language Glass explains how the language you speak fundamentally alters your reality and how nature, culture and language have all been intertwined all throughout history.
776	1-Sentence-Summary: Time And How To Spend It is your guide to becoming more productive by not focusing on working extra hours but instead using the time off more effectively.
777	1-Sentence-Summary: Tiny Habits shows you the power of applying small changes to your routine to unleash the full power that habits have to make your life better.
778	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋o Sell Is Human shows you that selling is part of your life, no matter what you do, and what a successful salesperson looks like in the 21st century, with practical ideas to help you convince others in a more honest, natural and sustainable way.
779	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋ools Of Titans is a massive compendium of everything Tim Ferriss has learned about health, wealth and wisdom from interviewing over 200 world-class performers on his podcast, The Tim Ferriss show.
780	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋raction is a roadmap for startups to achieve the exponential growth necessary to survive the first few months and years by looking at 19 ways to get traction and a framework to help you pick the best one for your startup.
781	1-Sentence-Summary: Tribal Leadership explains the various ways people function within organizations and teaches you how to lead change and improve your organization閳ユ獨 culture.
782	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋ribe of Mentors is a collection of over 100 mini-interviews, where some of the world閳ユ獨 most successful people share their ideas around habits, learning, money, relationships, failure, success, and life.
783	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋ribes turns you from a sheepwalker into a heretic, by giving you the tools to start your own tribe, explaining why they閳ユ獧e the future of business and showing you that you too, can be a leader.
784	1-Sentence-Summary: Trillion Dollar Coach will help you become a better leader in the office by sharing the life and teachings of businessman Bill Campbell who helped build multi-billion dollar companies in Silicon Valley.
785	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋rust Me, I閳ユ獡 Lying is a marketer閳ユ獨 take on how influential blogs have truly become, why that閳ユ獨 something to worry about, and how the internet is broken, which includes his own confessions of how he gamed the very same system to generate press for his clients.
786	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋rying Not To Try explores ancient, Chinese philosophy to break down the art of being spontaneous, which will help you unite your mind and body, reach a state of flow, and breeze through life like a leaf in a river.
787	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋ubes is a behind-the-scenes look at the real, tangible, physical heart of the internet, this elusive and seemingly invisible technology that permeates all of our lives on a daily basis.
788	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絋urning Pro鑱絠s an inspiring instruction manual that閳ユ獟l help you create the work you were meant to do by dividing your life into two phases, the amateur and the professional, and getting you from one into the other.
789	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱経ncertainty shows you that the condition of not knowing is nothing to fear, but the birthplace of innovation, which, if you embrace it while anchoring yourself, has an unlimited potential for growth, wealth and happiness.
790	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱経nlimited Power is a self-help classic, which breaks down how Tony Robbins has helped top performers achieve at their highest level and how you can use the same mental and physical tactics to accomplish your biggest goals in life.
791	1-Sentence-Summary: Unlocking Potential is a guide that will help you as a leader make a difference in people閳ユ獨 lives in the long run by learning how to coach people in a way that brings to light their greatest strengths and capabilities.
792	1-Sentence-Summary: Unshakeable distills the essence of world class investors down into four core principles you should follow while investing, giving you simple rules and actionable steps to follow to make sure your finances flourish.
793	1-Sentence-Summary: Upheaval enlightens you by telling the stories of seven countries that fell into crises, including how they got there and what they did to get out, and identifies the common threads between all of them.
794	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絍agabonding will change your relationship with money and travel by showing you that long-term life on the road isn閳ユ獩 reserved for rich people and hippies, and will give you the tools you need to start living a life of adventure, simplicity and content.
795	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎alden details Henry David Thoreau閳ユ獨 two-year stay in a self-built cabin by a lake in the woods, sharing what he learned about solitude, nature, work, thinking and fulfillment during his break from modern city life.
796	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎hat Color Is Your Parachute is a classic for job seekers, equipping you with the tools, tips and strategies you need to quickly find the right gig in today閳ユ獨 fast-moving market.
797	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎hat Every Body Is Saying is an ex-FBI agents guide to reading non-verbal cues, which will help you spot others閳?true intentions and feelings, even when their mouths are saying something different.
798	1-Sentence-Summary: What Got You Here Won閳ユ獩 Get You There helps you overcome your personality traits and behaviors that stop you from achieving even more success.鑱?"['Business'
799	1-Sentence-Summary: What I Know For Sure encourages you to create the life you want by pursuing excellence, practicing gratitude, and leveraging bad experiences to become stronger. 
800	1-Sentence-Summary: What If is a compilation of well-researched, science-based answers to some of the craziest hypothetical questions you can imagine.
801	1-Sentence-Summary: What The Eyes Don閳ユ獩 See tells the shocking and unfortunate story of the public drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan and how one woman stood up against government corruption and racism to make a positive difference for the city.
802	1-Sentence-Summary: What They Don閳ユ獩 Teach You At Harvard Business School teaches why succeeding in business has less to do with accumulated theoretical knowledge through schooling and books, and more about people and communication.
803	1-Sentence-Summary: What to Eat When teaches us how food works inside our body and how to feed ourselves in a way that better suits our biology, making us healthier and stronger.
804	1-Sentence-Summary: When Bad Things Happen To Good People explains why even the best of people sometimes suffer from adversity, and how we can turn our pain into something meaningful instead of lamenting it.
805	1-Sentence-Summary: When Breath Becomes Air helps you see what閳ユ獨 really important by diving into Paul Kalanithi閳ユ獨 life of loving neuroscience, literature, meaning, and his family that ended from cancer in his mid-thirties. 
806	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎hen: The Scientific Secrets of Perfect Timing breaks down the science of time so you can stop guessing when to do things and pick the best times to work, eat, sleep, have your coffee and even quit your job.
807	1-Sentence-Summary: When Things Fall Apart gives you the confidence to make it through life閳ユ獨 inevitable setbacks by sharing ideas and strategies like mindfulness to grow your resilience and come out on top.
808	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎hen To Rob A Bank is a collection of the best of the Freakonomics authors閳?blog posts from over 10 years of blogging about economics in all areas of our life.
809	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎here Good Ideas Come From describes how the process of innovation is similar to evolution and why good ideas have to be shaped over time, build on existing platforms, require connections, luck, and error and how you can turn something old into something new.
810	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎herever You Go, There You Are explains what mindfulness is and why it閳ユ獨 not reserved for Zen practitioners and Buddhist monks, giving you simple ways to practice it in everyday life, both formally and informally, while helping you avoid the obstacles on your way to a more aware self.
811	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎ho Moved My Cheese tells a parable, which you can directly apply to your own life, in order to stop fearing what lies ahead and instead thrive in an environment of change and uncertainty.
812	1-Sentence-Summary: Who Will Cry When You Die? helps you leave a lasting legacy of greatness after you閳ユ獧e gone by giving specific tips on how to become the best version of yourself and the kind that makes others grateful for all of your contributions to their lives and the world.
813	1-Sentence-Summary: Why 閳ユ穾閳?Students Work For 閳ユ窅閳?Students contains Robert Kiyosaki閳ユ獨 lessons on how the global financial crisis is the result of a lack of education and shows parents how to become truly money literate so they can teach their kids to do the same and attain financial freedom.
814	1-Sentence-Summary: Why Are We Yelling? will improve your relationships, professional life, and the way you view the world by showing you that arguments aren閳ユ獩 bad, but important growing experiences if we learn to make them productive.
815	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎hy Is Sex Fun takes a humorous look at the evolution of human sex life, explaining why the way we behave鑱絪exually is often odd, but necessary for our survival.
816	1-Sentence-Summary: Why We Can閳ユ獩 Sleep will help women in Generation X feel better about the challenges they face by examining the reasons why they are going through midlife crises due to poor market conditions, caring for children and elderly parents simultaneously, and facing massive amounts of discrimination.
817	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎hy We Love delivers a scientific explanation for love, shows you how it developed historically and evolutionarily, tells you what we閳ユ獧e all attracted to and where we differ, and of course gives you actionable advice to deal with both the exciting, successful romance in your life, as well as its sometimes inevitable fallout.
818	1-Sentence-Summary: Why We Sleep will motivate you get more and better quality sleep by showing you the recent scientific findings on why sleep deprivation is bad for individuals and society.
819	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎hy We Work looks at the purpose of work in our lives by examining how different people view their work, what traits make work feel meaningful, and which questions companies should ask to maximize the motivation of their employees.
820	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎ill It Fly is a step-by-step guide to testing your business idea, making sure your new venture鑱絤atches who you are, and not wasting time or money on something people won閳ユ獩 want, so your business won閳ユ獩 just run, but fly.
821	1-Sentence-Summary: Willpower Doesn閳ユ獩 Work shows you how to change your life in a more efficient way than relying on sheer grit alone by identifying the importance of your environment and other factors that affect your productivity so you can become your best self.
822	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎illpower is a blend of practical tips and the latest scientific research on self-control, explaining how willpower works, what you can do to improve it, how to optimize it and which steps to take when it fails you.
823	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎inners: And How They Succeed draws on years of research and extensive interviews with a wide array of successful people to deliver a blueprint for what it takes to win in life based on strategy, leadership and team-building.
824	1-Sentence-Summary: Winners Dream will inspire you to get up and get moving to make your biggest goals happen by sharing the incredible rags to riches story of Bill McDermott, who went from humble beginnings to CEO of the biggest software company in the world simply by having a vision of what he wanted in life.
825	1-Sentence-Summary: Winners Take All helps you see the ultra-rich in a more accurate light by identifying their shady strategies, including using the idea of 閳ユ笗aking the world a better place閳?as a front that only serves as a way to solidify their wealth and power.
826	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎inning is Jack Welch閳ユ獨 manual to becoming an astonishing manager and leader, which gives you practical tools to manage the finances, strategy and, most importantly, the people of your company.
827	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎ithout Their Permission is Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian閳ユ獨 plea to you to start something, as he lays out how anyone can use the internet to shape the future of the 21st century without having to get a yes from somebody else first.
828	1-Sentence-Summary: Wonderland shows you that much of societal and technological progress actually originates from people playing and just following their curiosity, as it takes you on a tour of history閳ユ獨 greatest dabblers and how they helped build the future.
829	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎ork The System will fundamentally change the way you view the world, by showing you the systems all around you and giving you the guiding principles to influence the right ones to make your business successful.
830	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絎rite It Down, Make It Happen is a simple guide to help you accomplish your goals through the act of writing, showing you how to use this basic skill to focus, address fears, and stay motivated.
831	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱結ear of Yes details famous TV-show creator Shonda Rhimes閳ユ獨 change from introversion to socialite by saying 閳ユ返es閳?to anything for a full year and how she was finally able to face her fears and start loving herself.
832	1-Sentence-Summary: You Are A Badass At Making Money will help you stop making excuses and get over your bad relationship with money to become a money-making machine.
833	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱結ou Are A Badass helps you become self-aware, figure out what you want in life and then summon the guts to not worry about the how, kick others閳?opinions to the curb and focus your life on the thing that will make you happy.
834	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱結ou Are Not Your Brain educates you about the science behind bad habits and breaking them, giving you an actionable 4-step framework you can use to stop listening to your brain閳ユ獨 deceptive messages.
835	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱結our Best Just Got Better shows you how to tackle productivity and performance with the best techniques to help you work smarter, get more done and stay inspired.
836	1-Sentence-Summary: Your Best Year Ever gives powerful inspiration to change your life by helping you identify what you should improve on, how to get over the hurdles in your way, and the patterns and habits you need to set so that achieving your dreams is more possible than ever.
837	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱結our Brain At Work helps you overcome the daily challenges that take away鑱統our brain power, like constant email and interruption madness, high levels of stress, lack of control and high expectations, by showing you what goes on inside your head and giving you new approaches to control it better.
838	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱結our Move: The Underdog閳ユ獨 Guide to Building Your Business is Ramit Sethi閳ユ獨 no-BS guide to starting your own business that閳ユ獟l help you escape the 9-to-5, all the way from coming up with profitable ideas, overcoming psychological barriers and figuring out who to sell to to growing, maintaining and systematizing your business in the future.
839	1-Sentence-Summary: You閳ユ獧e Not Listening is a book that will improve your communication skills by revealing how uncommon the skill of paying attention to what others are saying is and what experts teach about how to get better at it.
840	1-Sentence-Summary:鑱絑ero To One is an inside look at Peter Thiel閳ユ獨 philosophy and strategy for making your startup a success by looking at the lessons he learned from founding and selling PayPal, investing in Facebook and becoming a billionaire in the process.
